This is to confirm a meeting for tomorrow, Tuesday, July 11 at 2:00 pm.  
Please reference the meeting as Systems Meeting and also note that there will 
be a follow up meeting.   The meeting will be held in EB3321.  
Call Kim Hillis at x30681 if you have any questions.
Scott Neal
Jason Moore
Attached please find a spreadsheet containing a list of natural gas customers 
in the Global Counterparty database.  These are all active counterparties, 
although we may not be doing any business with them currently.  If you have 
any questions, please feel free to call me at x33198.
Jason Moore
Ina,
Please respond to <cbpres@austin.rr.com>
Enclosed is the cost breakdown for the appraiser.  Note that the
construction management fee (CMF) is stated at 12.5% rather than our
standard rate of 10%.  This will increase cost and with a loan to cost ratio
of 75%, this will increase the loan amount and reduce required cash equity.
Also, we are quite confident that the direct unit and lot improvement costs
are high.  Therefore, we should have some additional room once we have
actual bids, as The Met project next door is reported to have cost $49 psf
without overhead or CMF, which is $54-55 with CMF.
It appears that the cash equity will be $1,784,876.  However, I am fairly
sure that we can get this project done with $1.5MM.
I hope to finish the proforma today.  The rental rates that we project are
bedroom.  Additional revenues could be generated by building detached
garages, which would rent for $50-75 per month.
Al,
I am not in good enough shape to ride a century right now.  Plus I'm nursing 
some injuries.  I can do lunch this week or next, let's pick a day.
Brenda,
file is an amortization table for the note.
You can use the Additional Principal Reduction to record prepayments.  Please 
email me back to confirm receipt.
Phillip
Jeff,
can you follow up.  When is the estimated closing date.  Let me know what 
else I need to be doing.
gary,
Tim,
data.  Tim H. expressed concern over the reliability of the wscc data.  I 
don't know if we should scrap the wscc or just keep monitoring in case it 
improves.  Let me know what you think.
What are my choices for dates?
David W Delainey
Folks, you are the remaining officers of ENA that have not yet enrolled in 
this mandated training program.  It is ENA's goal to have all its officers 
through the program before the end of calendar year 2000.  The course has 
received very high marks for effectiveness.  Please take time now to enroll 
in the program. Speak to your HR representative if you need help getting 
signed up.
Regards
Delainey
Lucy,
I got your email.  I didn't have time to finish it.  I will read it this 
the job.  This weekend I will mark up the lease and rules.  If I didn't 
mention this when I was there, the 4th is a paid holiday for you and Wade.  
Have a good weekend and I will talk to you next week.
What is GIS info?  Can you do this?
This is a reminder !!!  If you haven't taken the time to update your GIS 
information, please do so.  It is essential that this function be performed 
as soon as possible. Please read the following memo sent to you a few days 
ago and if you have any questions regarding this request, please feel free to 
call Ted Bland @ 3-5275.
With Enron's rapid growth we need to maintain an ability to move employees 
between operating companies and new ventures.  To do this it is essential to 
have one process that will enable us to collect , update and retain employee 
data.  In the spirit of One Enron, and building on the success of the 
requests that all Enron Vice Presidents and Managing Directors update their 
profiles. Current responsibilities, employment history, skills and education 
need to be completed  via the HR Global Information System.  HRGIS is 
accessible via the HRWEB home page on the intranet.  Just go to 
hrweb.enron.com and look for the HRGIS link.  Or just type eglobal.enron.com 
on the command line of your browser.
The target date by which to update these profiles is 7 July.  If you would 
like to have a hard copy of a template that could be filled out and returned 
for input, or If you need any assistance with the HRGIS application please 
contact Kathy Schultea at x33841.  
Your  timely response to this request is greatly appreciated.   
Thanks,
TIM HEIZENRADER
Charts for today's meeting are attached: 
Faith,
Do I need to give you the names of our operations group?
Special Pays-  I believe Mike Grigsby has a retention payment due this year.  
Also we should budget for another $150,000 of special payments.
I know you have been working with Barry T.  if his headcount is different on 
the Marketing staff use his numbers.  Let me know if there is anything else 
you need.
Phillip
Zimin Lu
Mark,
We are currently back-testing the storage model. 
The enclosed version contains deltas and decision 
variable. 
You mentioned that you have resources to run the model. Please do so.
This will help us to gain experience with the market vs the
model.
I am going to distribute an article by Caminus, an software vendor.
The article illustrates the optionality associated with storage operation
very well.  The Enron Research storage model  is a lot like that, although 
implementation may be
different.  
Let me know if you have any questions.
Zimin
Please respond to shockwave.com@shockwave.m0.net
Dear Phillip,
Frogger is leaving shockwave.com soon...
Save it to your Shockmachine now! 
Every frog has his day - games, too. Frogger had a great run as an 
arcade classic, but it is leaving the shockwave.com pond soon. The 
good news is that you can download it to your Shockmachine and 
own it forever! 
Don't know about Shockmachine? You can download Shockmachine for free 
and save all of your downloadable favorites to play off-line, 
full-screen, whenever you want. 
Download Frogger by noon, PST on June 30th, while it's still on 
the site! 
the shockwave.com team 
Unsubscribe Instructions 
Sure you want to unsubscribe and stop receiving E-mail from us? All 
right... click here: 
Phil or Paul:
Please forward this note to Torrey Moorer or Tara Sweitzer in the EOL 
Per this request, we are asking that all financial deals on EOL be bridged 
over to the FT-Denver book instead of the physical ENA IM-Denver book.
Thanks in advance.
Mick Walters
EB3299d
Scott,
I know the answer to your questions but I want to get the exact details from 
him.  Basically, they will offer energy  online at a fixed price or some 
price that undercuts the current provider.  Then once their sales are large 
enough they will go to the wholesale market to hedge and lock in a profit.  
The risk is that they have built in enough margin to give them room to manage 
the price risk.  This is my best guess.  I will get back to you with more.
Lucy,
email me his number I will call him.  
work orders for normal maintenance.
It is a shame that the CAISO doesn't provide actual generation by unit.  The 
WSCC data, which is dicey and we don't have until July 1999, and the CEMMS, 
which comes on a delay, are ultimately our best sources.  For your purposes 
the CAISO may suffice.  I think that you probably know this already, but 
there can be a siginificant difference between "scheduled" and "actual" 
generation.  You are pulling "scheduled."  If someone doesn't schedule their 
generation and then generates, either instructed or uninstructed, then you 
will miss that.  You may also miss generation of the northern california 
munis such as smud who only schedule their net load to the caiso.  That is, 
if they have 1500 MW of load and 1200 MW of generation, they may simply 
schedule 300 MW of load and sc transfers or imports of 300 MW.  Having said 
all of that, it is probably close enough and better than your alternatives on 
the generation side.
On the load side I think that I would simply use CAISO actual load.  While 
they don't split out NP15 from SP15, I think that using the actual number is 
better than the "scheduled" number.  The utilities play lots of game on the 
load side, usually under-scheduling depending on price.
I think the presentation looks good.  It would be useful to share this with 
others up here once you have it finished.  I'd like to see how much gas 
demand goes up with each additional GW of gas-generated electricity, 
especially compared to all gas consumption.  I was surprised by how small the 
UEG consumption was compared to other uses.  If it is the largest marginal 
consumer then it is obviously a different story.
Let's talk.
pallen@enron.com
Please review the attached draft Enron comments in response to the San Diego 
request for natural gas price caps.  The comments reflect Becky Cantrell's 
comments (which are reflected in red line).  Please respond to me as soon as 
possible with your comments, and please pass it on to anyone else who needs 
Thanks
Sarah
Faith,
Do I need to give you the names of our operations group?
Special Pays-  I believe Mike Grigsby has a retention payment due this year.  
Also we should budget for another $150,000 of special payments.
I know you have been working with Barry T.  if his headcount is different on 
the Marketing staff use his numbers.  Let me know if there is anything else 
you need.
Phillip
All the gas reports are under west desk
Call Brian Hoskins for a password
All the gas reports are under west desk
Call Brian Hoskins for a password
All the gas reports are under west desk
Call Brian Hoskins for a password
Felix,
Network:
Notes:
My location is 3210B.
Lucy,
a log on paper or on the computer.  The computer would be better for sending 
me updates.
What do you think about being open until noon on Saturday.  This might be 
more convenient for collecting rent and showing open apartments.
We can adjust office hours on another day.
Jeff,
financing would still work.   Do you have an opinion?
Al,
I was glad to hear from you.  I hope we can put the past behind us.  Sounds 
like you have been busy.  Congratulations on the new baby.  Judging from your 
email all is well with you.   That's great.  
We did have another girl in December, (Evelyn Grace).  Three is it for us.  
What's your target?  The other two are doing well.  Soccer, T-ball, and bike 
riding keeps them busy.  They could use some of Cole's coordination.
My fitness program is not as intense as yours right now.  I am just on 
maintenance.  You will be surprised to hear that Hunter is a fanatical 
cyclist.  We have been riding to work twice a week for the last few months.  
He never misses, rain or shine.  Sometimes we even hit the trails in Memorial 
Park on Saturdays.   Mountain biking is not as hard as a 50 mile trip on the 
road.  I would like to dust off my road bike and go for a ride some Saturday.
I would like to hear more about your new job.  Maybe we could grab lunch 
sometime.  
Phillip
Phillip--
I've noticed one thing on your intra-month transport p&l that looks strange 
an issue, but I'll point it out and let you decide.  Let me know if this is 
O.K. as is, so I'll know to ignore it in the future.  Also, if you want me to 
get with Kim and the Sitara people to change the mapping, let me know and 
I'll take care of it..
On PG&E NW, it appears that PGEN Kingsgate is mapped to a Malin Citygate 
curve instead of a Kingsgate curve, resulting in a total transport loss of 
overall p&l.)  Maybe there is a reason for this mapping or maybe it affects 
something else somewhere that I am not seeing, but anyway, here are the Deal 
GDP-Kingsgate.
different tickets in Sitara for Clay Basin activity--one appears to be for 
withdrawals and the other four are injections.  Clay Basin is valued as a 
Questar curve, which is substantially below NWPL points.  What this means is 
that any time you are injecting gas, these tickets will show transport 
losses; each time you are withdrawing, you will show big gains on transport.  
I'm not sure of the best way to handle this since we don't really have a 
systematic Sitara way of handling storage deals.  In an ideal world, it seems 
that you would map it the way you have it today, but during injection times, 
the transport cost would pass through as storage costs.  Anyway, here's the 
detail on the tickets just for your info, plus I noticed three days where it 
appears we were both withdrawing and injecting from Clay Basin.  There may be 
an operational reason why this occurred that I'm not aware of, and the dollar 
impact is very small, but I thought I'd bring it to your attention just in 
case there's something you want to do about it.  The columns below show the 
volumes under each ticket and the p&L associated with each. 
Deal #  251327                  159540                   265229         
P&L  $29,503                ($15,960)                ($3,199)          
Gr Rvr
Mary,
If we add both balances together the total is $1,140.  I can spread it over 6 
fair?  We can apply it to the loan.
id:   pallen
George, 
The other files opened fine, but I can't open winmail.dat files.  Can you 
resend this one in a pdf format.?
Thanks,
Lucy,
a unit for Wade then.  I will call the bank again today to resolve 
authorization on the account.  Lets keep the office open until noon on 
Memorial day.
Lucy,
a note about what happened that day.
worked on each day.  
This note is authorization to make the following changes:
Call with questions. X37041
Thank you,
some transport at a good price or explore what releases are out there....it 
can affect gas prices!
competitors pick up, and how do their deals match up against yours? This 
offers you better market intelligence!
one to learn about an OFO because you were busy doing something else!
the details! 
activity on all 48 interstate gas pipelines.
you do not wish to receive future notices, please Reply to this e-mail with 
Jeff,
Phillip
Bruce Sukaly@ENRON
Williams is long 4000MW of tolling in SP15 (SoCal )  for 20 years (I know I 
did the deal)
on Tuesday afternoon, Williams sold 1000 MW to Merrill Lynch for the 
remaining life (now 18 years)
Merrill is short fixed price gas at So Cal border  up to 250,000MMBtu a day 
and long SP15 power (1000 MW) a day.
heat rate 10,500  SoCal Border plus $0.50.
I'm not sure if MRL has just brokered this deal or is warehousing it.
For what its worth........
Dawn,
I received your email with p&l's.  Please continue to send them daily.
Thank you,
the following week.  Also, my PC at home has Windows 95.  Is this a problem? 
Call with questions. X37041.
Thank you,
Laird Dyer
Mike McDonald and I met with SW Gas this morning.  They were polite regarding 
asset management and procurement function outsourcing and are willing to 
listen to a proposal.  However, they are very interested in weather hedges to 
protect throughput related earnings.  We are pursuing a confidentiality 
agreement with them to facilitate the sharing of information that will enable 
us to develop proposals.  Our pitch was based upon enhancing shareholder 
value by outsourcing a non-profit and costly function (procurement) and by 
reducing the volatility of their earnings by managing throughput via a 
weather product.
As to your other question.  We have yet to identify or pursue other 
candidates; however, Mike McDonald and I are developing a coverage strategy 
opportunities.  We met with 8 entities this week (7 Municipals and SWG) as we 
implement our strategy in California.
Are there any entities that you think would be interested in an asset 
management deal that we should approach?  Otherwise, we intend to 
systematically identify and work through all the candidates. 
Laird
Laird,
targets in the west?
Jane M Tholt
AM ---------------------------
Laird Dyer
Janie,
Thanks for the fax on SW Gas.
We are meeting with Larry Black, Bob Armstrong & Ed Zub on April 27th to 
discuss asset management.  In preparation for that meeting we would like to 
gain an understanding of the nature of our business relationship with SW.  
Could you, in general terms, describe our sales activities with SW.  What are 
typical quantities and term on sales?  Are there any services we provide?  
How much pipeline capacity do we buy or sell to them?  Who are your main 
contacts at SW Gas?
We will propose to provide a full requirements supply to SW involving our 
control of their assets.  For this to be attractive to SW, we will probably 
have to take on their regulatory risk on gas purchase disallowance with the 
commissions.  This will be difficult as there is no clear mandate from their 
commissions as to what an acceptable portfolio (fixed, indexed, collars....) 
should look like.  Offering them a guaranteed discount to the 1st of month 
index may not be attractive unless we accept their regulatory risk.  That 
risk may not be acceptable to the desk.  I will do some investigation of 
their PGA's and see if there is an opportunity.
As to the asset management:  do you have any preference on structure?  Are 
there elements that you would like to see?  Any ideas at all would be greatly 
appreciated.
Thanks,
Laird
Phillip, How are you today I am very busy but I have to let you know that #37 
Lucy says:
she pays 125.00 a week but she'sgoing on vacation so thjat is why she pd more
Lucy says:
I have all the deposit ready but she isn't due on this roll I just wanted to 
tell you because you might think she didn't pay or something
Lucy says:
the amnt is:4678.00 I rented #23 aand #31 may be gone tonight I have been 
putting in some overtime trying to rent something out i didnt leave last 
night untill 7:00 and i have to wait for someone tonight that works late.
phillip says:
send me the rentroll when you can
phillip says:
Did I tell you that I am going to try and be there this Fri & Sat
Lucy says:
no you didn't tell me that you were going to be here but wade told me this 
morning I sent you the roll did you get it? Did you need me here this weekend 
because I have a sweet,sixteen I'm getting ready for and if you need me here 
Sat,then I will get alot done before then.
phillip says:
We can talk on Friday
Lucy says:
okay see ya later bye.
Lucy says:
I sent you the roll did you get it ?
phillip says:
yes thank you
yes thank you
Kay & Neal,
Thanks for remembering my birthday.  You beat my parents by one day.  
The family is doing fine.  Grace is really smiling.  She is a very happy baby 
as long as she is being held.
It sounds like your house is coming along fast.  I think my folks are ready 
We will probably visit in late June or July.  May is busy.  We are taking the 
kids to Disney for their birthdays.
Good luck on the house.
TIM HEIZENRADER
TIM HEIZENRADER
Mary,
I spoke to Gary about the foundation work on #2 & #3.  He agreed that it 
would be better to just clean up #3 and do whatever he and Wade can do to 
I need more time to finish.  I will call you in a day or so.
Here is my DSL form.
Hello Men-
I have attached my worksheet in case you want to review the data while I am 
on holiday.
Thanks,
Julie  :-)
Hello Men-
I have attached my worksheet in case you want to review the data while I am 
on holiday.
Thanks,
Julie  :-)
Beth,
Here are our addresses for DSL lines:
Hunter Shively
Houston, TX 77024
Phillip Allen
Houston, TX 77055
Mike Grigsby
Houston, TX 77057
Thanks
Ina,
Phillip
Barry Tycholiz
I will be relocating to 32 effective Dec. 4.  Can you have me set up with all 
the required equipment including, PC ( 2 Flat screens), Telephone, and cell 
phone. Talk to Phillip regarding where to set my seat up for right now. 
Thanks in advance. . 
Barry 
If there are any questions... Give me a call.  ( 403-) 245-3340.
mac,
We will be there on the 9th and I will bring the paperwork.
Mac,
I checked into executing my options with Smith Barney.  Bad news.  Enron has 
an agreement with Paine Webber that is exclusive.  Employees don't have the 
choice of where to exercise.  I still would like to get to the premier 
service account, but I will have to transfer the money.  
Hopefully this will reach you.
Jeff,
Could we set up an inspection for this Friday at 2:00?
Listing for Burnet is in the mail
tara,
Please grant access to manage financial products to the following:
We are making markets on one day gas daily swaps.  Thank you.
Mary,
Go ahead and work with Gary to get a new fridge for #8.  
I am going to try and come down this Saturday.
Talk to you later.
Tim Heizenrader
Slides from this week's strategy session are attached: 
Mark,
Please plan on attending a meeting on Thursday, March 23 at 11:15 am in Room 
introduce Bhavna Pandya, and get some input from you on various projects she 
will be assisting us with.  Thank you.
Stephane,
west desk?
Or put them on a common drive?  We can do the same with our reports.   List 
should include:
Thanks.
George,
id   pallen
pw  westgasx
Stephane Brodeur
As requested by John, here's the map and the forecast...
Call me if you have any questions (403) 974-6756.
Mary 
I was out of the office on friday.
I will call you about wade later today
Stephane Brodeur
As requested by John, here's the map and the forecast...
Call me if you have any questions (403) 974-6756.
socal position
This is short, but is it good enough?
David,
I have been receiving your updates.  Either I forgot my password or do not 
have one.  Can you check?
Phillip Allen
Enron
We have room EB3014 from 3 - 4 pm on Wednesday.
WK
We have room EB3014 from 3 - 4 pm on Wednesday.
WK
Will,
Here is a list of the top items we need to work on to improve the position 
and p&l reporting for the west desk.
My underlying goal is to create position managers and p&l reports that 
represent all the risk held by the desk
and estimate p&l with great accuracy.
Let's try and schedule a meeting for this Wednesday to go over the items 
above.
Phillip
Faith,
Do I need to give you the names of our operations group?
Special Pays-  I believe Mike Grigsby has a retention payment due this year.  
Also we should budget for another $150,000 of special payments.
I know you have been working with Barry T.  if his headcount is different on 
the Marketing staff use his numbers.  Let me know if there is anything else 
you need.
Phillip
Will,
Here is a list of the top items we need to work on to improve the position 
and p&l reporting for the west desk.
My underlying goal is to create position managers and p&l reports that 
represent all the risk held by the desk
and estimate p&l with great accuracy.
Let's try and schedule a meeting for this Wednesday to go over the items 
above.
Phillip
Steve,
Please remove Bob Shiring and Liz Rivera from rc #768.  
Thank you
Go ahead and order the ac for #27.  
Can you email or fax a summary of all rents collected from August through 
December.  I need this to finish my tax return.
I have all the expense data but not rent collection.  Fax number is 
Thank you,
Anymore details?  Is the offer above or below 675?
What else do you have in a clean 11cap in a good location with room to expand?
take him?  I think $100 should be enough. 
Use Page Setup under the File menu to change  from Portrait to Landscape if 
you want to change from printing vertically 
your print out to be on only one page.  Use Print preview
The truck might need new sparkplugs at around 120,000-125,000 miles.  A valve 
adjustment might do some good.  It has idled very high
for the last 25,000 miles, but it has never broken down.
Glad to hear about the good deposit for this week.  Great job on February.
Tim Heizenrader
Slides from yesterday's meeting are attached: 
It is ok to let the deposit rollover on #13 if there is no interruption in 
Ina Rangel
Phillip,
Here is your hotel itinerary for Monday night.
HOTEL                 06NOV DOUBLETREE DURANGO
GHT
THANK YOU
Do You Yahoo!?
From homework help to love advice, Yahoo! Experts has your answer.
Please respond to shockwave.com@shockwave.m0.net
Dear Phillip, 
of teenage game testers who get pulled into a parallel universe 
fate of the earth and the universe is in their hands as they fight 
Mongorr the Merciful -- the evil force in the universe. 
The legendary Stan Lee, creator of Spiderman and the Incredible Hulk, 
brings us "Let the Game Begin," episode #1 of 7th Portal -- a new 
series exclusively on shockwave.com. 
Don't miss RollingStone.com! Watch Daily Music News. Download MP3s. 
Read album reviews. Get the scoop on 1000s of artists, including 
exclusive photos, bios, song clips & links. Win great prizes & MORE. 
Unsubscribe Instructions 
Sure you want to unsubscribe and stop receiving E-mail from us? All 
right... click here: 
Imelda,
Please switch my sitara access from central to west and email me with my 
password.
thank you,
Mary,
call you Monday or Tuesday to see what is new.
Jeff,
tara,
executable id's.  The rights you set up are fine.
mary,
Are you sure you did the attachment right.  There was no file attached to 
your message.  Please try again.
Mary,
back clean after each use.  (Wade and the tenants.)
I will call you later today to discuss.
Should I appeal to Skilling.
Lee Wright@ENRON
Phillip -
I applaud you for using your cycle as daily transportation.  Saves on gas, 
pollution and helps keep you strong and healthy.  Enron provides bike racks 
in the front of the building for requests such as this.  Phillip, I wish we 
could accommodate this request; however, The Body Shop does not have the 
capacity nor can assume the responsibility for storing cycles on a daily 
basis.  If you bring a very good lock you should be able to secure the bike 
at the designated outside racks.  
Keep Pedalling - Lee
Kristian J Lande
As noted in my  last e-mail, the Ray Nixon expansion project in Colorado had 
the incorrect start date.  My last report showed an online date of May 2001; 
the actual anticipated online date is May 2003.
The following list ranks the quality and quantity of information that I have 
access to in the WSCC:
If anyone has additional information regarding new generation in the Desert 
Southwest or Colorado, such as plant phone numbers or contacts, I would 
greatly appreciate receiving this contact information.
Tim Heizenrader
Slides for today's meeting are attached: 
I'll get back to them on this.  I know we have sent financials to Clinton
Energy...I'll check to see if this is enough.  In the meantime, is it
possible to show me indications on the quotes I asked for?  Please advise.
George
George Rahal
Manager, Gas Trading
ACN Power, Inc.
McLean, VA 22102-3303
Phone  (703)893-4330 ext. 1023
Fax  (703)893-4390
Cell (443)255-7699
I'll get back to them on this.  I know we have sent financials to Clinton
Energy...I'll check to see if this is enough.  In the meantime, is it
possible to show me indications on the quotes I asked for?  Please advise.
George
George Rahal
Manager, Gas Trading
ACN Power, Inc.
McLean, VA 22102-3303
Phone  (703)893-4330 ext. 1023
Fax  (703)893-4390
Cell (443)255-7699
George,
any financials for ACN Power.  
Thanks,
Kim,
I think Steven Wolf is the person to talk to about moving Kim Olinger to a 
I revised the supp-vendor sheet and have transferred the totals to the
summary sheet. Please review and let me know if this is what you had in
mind. Also, are we getting W-2 forms or what on our taxes.
Jim,
Share information about yourself, create your own public profile at
Tara, 
west cash traders.
here is the file I showed you.
Julie,
more than $1,500,000.  I want your input on
unwind costs?  
Phillip 
Matthew Lenhart
Please respond to mlenhart@mail.ev1.net
Re. Your living.com inquiry
Thank you for your inquiry.  Please create an account, so we can
assist you more effectively in the future.  Go to:
I have selected a few pieces that might work for you.  To view, simply click
on the following URLs.  I hope these are helpful!
Area Rugs:
Sofas:
Chairs:
Occasional Tables:
Dining Set:
Best Regards,
Erika
designadvice@living.com
P.S. Check out our January Clearance
and our Valentine's Day Gifts
From: pallen@enron.com [mailto:pallen@enron.com]
Sent: Monday, January 17, 2000 5:20 PM
I am planning to build a house in the Texas hillcountry.  The exterior will
be a farmhouse style with porches on front and back.  I am considering the
following features:  stained and scored concrete floors, an open
all upstairs.  I want a very relaxed and comfortable style, but not exactly
country.  Can you help?
Additional user info:
ID = 3052970
email = pallen@enron.com
FirstName = phillip
LastName = allen
Will,
I didn't get to review this.  I will give you feedback tomorrow morning
Tara,
Please make the following changes:
Thank you 
Susan,
for.  Is there some mistake?
Please authorize the following products for approval.  customers are 
Please approve and forward to Dale Neuner
Thank you 
George,
Word instead?
Thanks,
Phillip
ehrenberg.(the swing receipt point) than 98 or 99.
Please authorize and forward to Tara Sweitzer.
Please set up the following with the ability to setup and manage products in 
stack manager:
Also please grant access & passwords to enable the above traders to execute 
book to book trades on EOL.  If possible restrict their 
execution authority to products in the first 3 months.
Thank you 
Mary 
again.
What did mary write?  Stage misses you?  I sent 2 emails.
PM ---------------------------
Please respond to shockwave.com@shockwave.m0.net
First one's free. So are the next thousand.
You know it's true: Video games are addictive. Sure, we could
trap you with a free game of Centipede, then kick up the price
after you're hooked. But that's not how shockwave.com operates.
Shockmachine -- the greatest thing since needle exchange -- is
now free; so are the classic arcade games. Who needs quarters?
Get Arcade Classics from shockwave.com, stick 'em in your
Shockmachine and then play them offline anytime you want.
Lick the Frog.
You're not getting a date this Friday night. But you don't care.
You've got a date with Frogger. This frog won't turn into a handsome
prince(ss), but it's sure to bring back great memories of hopping
through the arcade -- and this time, you can save your quarters for
laundry. Which might increase your potential for a date on Saturday.
Business Meeting or Missile Command? You Decide.
Take it offline! No, it's not a horrible meeting with your boss -
it's Missile Command. Shockmachine has a beautiful feature: you can
play without being hooked to the Internet. Grab the game from
shockwave.com, save it to your hard drive, and play offline! The
missiles are falling. Are you ready to save the world?
Wanna get high? Here's your chance to do it at home - Shockmachine
lets you play your favorite arcade games straight from your computer.
It's a chance to crack your old high score. Get higher on Centipede -
get these bugs off me!
Souls for Sale
The '80s may not have left many good memories, but at least we still
have our Atari machines. What? You sold yours for a set of golf
clubs? Get your soul back, man! Super Breakout is alive and well and
waiting for you on Shockmachine. Now if you can just find that record
player and a Loverboy album...
Playing Arcade Classics on your Shockmachine -- the easiest way to
remember the days when you didn't have to work. If you haven't
already, get your free machine now.
the shockwave.com team
REMOVAL FROM MAILING LIST INSTRUCTIONS
We changed our unsubscribe instructions to a more reliable method and
apologize if previous unsubscribe attempts did not take effect. While
we do wish to continue telling you about new shockwave.com stuff, if
you do want to unsubscribe, please click on the following link:
Naomi,
The two analysts that I have had contact with are Matt Lenhart  and Vishal 
Apte.
Matt will be represented by Jeff Shankman.
Vishal joined our group in October.  He was in the Power Trading Group for 
the first 9 months.
I spoke to Jim Fallon and we agreed that he should be in the excellent 
category.  I just don't want Vishal 
Call me with questions.(x37041)
Phillip Allen
Here is our forecast
Christy,
understand why we need to give our commentary on  why prices are so high in 
California.  This subject has already gotten so much press.  
Phillip
Here is my stab at the talking points  to be sent in to FERC along with the 
gas pricing info they requested for the California markets.  Let me or 
Christi know if you have any disagreements, additions, whatever.  I am 
supposed to be out of here at 2:15 today, so if you have stuff to add after 
that, get it to Christi.  Thanks.
Please respond to <cbpres@austin.rr.com>
Please excuse the delay in getting these resumes to you.  Larry did not have
his prepared and then I forgot to send them.  I'll try to get a status
report to you latter today.
Outlook Migration Team@ENRON
Current Notes User: 
it is necessary to gather individual user information prior to your date of 
migration.  Please take a few minutes to completely fill out the following 
survey. Double Click on document to put it in "Edit" mode. When you finish, 
simply click on the 'Reply With History' button then hit 'Send'  Your survey 
will automatically be sent to the Outlook 2000 Migration Mailbox.
Thank you.
Outlook 2000 Migration Team
Full Name:        Phillip Allen  
Login ID:   pallen
Extension:   37041
Office Location:  EB3210C
What type of computer do you have?  (Desktop,  Laptop,  Both)   Both
Do you have a PDA?  If yes, what type do you have:   (None, IPAQ, Palm Pilot, 
Jornada)  IPAQ
Are you responsible for updating anyone else's address book?   
Is anyone else responsible for updating your address book?  
Do you have access to a shared calendar?  
Do you have any Distribution Groups that Messaging maintains for you (for 
mass mailings)?  
Please list all Notes databases applications that you currently use:  
need to know:
What are your normal work hours?  From:   7   To:      5
Will you be out of the office in the near future for vacation, leave, etc?
Let me know when you get the quotes from Pauline.  I am expecting to pay 
something in the $3,000 to $5,000 range.  I would like to see the quotes and 
a description of the work to be done.  It is my understanding that some rock 
will be removed and replaced with siding.  If they are getting quotes to put 
up new rock then we will need to clarify.
Jacques is ready to drop in a dollar amount on the release.  If the 
negotiations stall, it seems like I need to go ahead and cut off the 
utilities.  Hopefully things will go smoothly.
Jeff,
Jacques Craig will draw up a release.  What is the status on the quote from 
Wade?  
Attached is the final version of the California Summary report with maps, 
graphs, and historical data.
bcc: 
Additional charts attempting to explain increase in demand by hydro, load 
growth, and temperature.  Many assumptions had to be made.  The data is not 
as solid as numbers in first set of graphs.
Can you guys coordinate to make sure someone listens to this conference call 
each week.  Tara from the fundamental group was recording these calls when 
they happened every day.
Phillip
James D Steffes@ENRON
Privileged & Confidential Communication
Attorney-Client Communication and Attorney Work Product Privileges Asserted
Please forward to anyone on your team that wants updates on Western wholesale 
matters (should also give you an opportunity to raise state matters if you 
want to discuss).
Jim
Ray Alvarez
Privileged & Confidential Communication
Attorney-Client Communication and Attorney Work Product Privileges Asserted
Date:   Every Thursday
Time:    1:00 pm Pacific, 3:00 pm Central, and 4:00 pm Eastern time,
Attached is the table of the on-going FERC issues and proceedings updated for 
use on tomorrow's conference call.  It is available to all team members on 
appropriate.
Proposed agenda for tomorrow:
Power-  Discussion of FERC market monitoring and mitigation order in 
EL00-95-12 and review of upcoming filings
Gas- Response to subpoenas of SoCal Edison in RP00-241 and upcoming items
Misc.
I will be unable to participate in the call tomorrow as I will be attending 
the Senate Energy and Resource Committee Hearing on the elements of the FERC 
market monitoring and mitigation order.
If you have any questions, please contact Kristin Walsh at (713) 853-9510.
Bridge Loan Financing Bills May Not Meet Their May 8th Deadline Due to Lack 
of Support
Sources report there will not be a vote regarding the authorization for the 
deal has reportedly fallen apart.  According to sources, both the Republicans 
and Democratic caucuses are turning against Davis.  The Democratic caucus is 
reportedly "unwilling to fight" for Davis.  Many legislative Republicans and 
Democrats reportedly do not trust Davis and express concern that, once the 
bonds are issued to replenish the General Fund, Davis would "double dip" into 
the fund.  Clearly there is a lack of good faith between the legislature and 
the governor.  However, it is believed once Davis discloses the details of 
the power contracts negotiated, a bond issuance will take place.  
Additionally, some generator sources have reported that some of the long-term 
power contracts (as opposed to those still in development) require that the 
bond issuance happen by July 1, 2001.  If not, the state may be in breach of 
contract.  Sources state that if the legislature does not pass the bridge 
loan legislation by May 8th, having a bond issuance by July 1st will be very 
difficult.
The Republicans were planning to offer an alternative plan whereby the state 
would "eat" the $5 billion cost of power spent to date out of the General 
Fund, thereby decreasing the amount of the bond issuance to approximately $8 
billion.  However, the reportedly now are not  going to offer even this 
concession.  Sources report that the Republicans intend to hold out for full 
disclosure of the governor's plan for handling the crisis, including the 
details and terms of all long-term contracts he has negotiated, before they 
will support the bond issuance to go forward.
Currently there are two bills dealing  with the bridge  loan; AB 8X and AB 
passed the Senate in March, but has stalled in the Assembly due to a lack of 
Republican support.  AB 31X deals with energy conservation programs for 
community college districts.  However, sources report this bill may be 
amended to include language relevant to the bond sale by Senator Bowen, 
currently in AB 8X.  Senator  Bowen's language states that the state should 
get paid before the utilities from rate payments (which, if passed, would be 
likely to cause a SoCal  bankruptcy). 
According to sources close to the Republicans in  the legislature, 
Republicans do not believe there should be a bridge loan due to money 
available in the General Fund.  For instance, Tony  Strickland has stated 
Other Republicans reportedly do not support issuing any  bonds.  The 
Republicans intend to bring this up in debate on  Monday.  Additionally, 
Lehman Brothers reportedly also feels that a  bridge loan is unnecessary and 
there are some indications that Lehman may  back out of the bridge loan.
Key Points of the Bridge Financing
Initial Loan Amount: $4.125 B
Lenders:  JP Morgan  $2.5 B
Tax Exempt Portion: Of the $4.125 B; $1.6 B is expected to be tax-exempt
Projected Interest Rate: Taxable Rate  5.77%
Current Projected 
Blended IR:  5.38%
Maturity Date:  August 29, 2001
For more details please contact me at (713) 853-9510
Bill SB 6X Passed the Senate Yesterday, but Little Can be Done at This Time
The Senate passed SB 6X yesterday, which authorizes $5  billion to create the 
California Consumer Power and Conservation  Authority.    The $5 billion 
authorized under SB 6X is not the  same as the $5 billion that must be 
authorized by the legislature to pay for  power already purchased, or the 
additional amount of bonds that must be authorized to pay for purchasing 
power going forward.  Again, the Republicans are not in support of these 
authorizations.  Without the details of the long-term power contracts the 
governor has  negotiated, the Republicans do not know what the final bond 
amount is that must  be issued and that taxpayers will have to pay to 
support.   No further action can be taken regarding the implementation of  SB 
for purchasing power.    Also, there is no staff, defined purpose, etc. for  
the California Public Power and Conservation Authority.  However, this can  
be considered a victory for consumer advocates, who began promoting this 
idea  earlier in the crisis.
SoCal Edison and Bankruptcy
At this point, two events would be likely to trigger a SoCal bankruptcy.  The 
first would be a legislative rejection of the MOU between SoCal and the 
governor.  The specified deadline for legislative approval of the MOU is 
August 15th, however, some decision will likely be made earlier.  According 
signed it.  The Republicans are against the MOU in its current form and Davis 
and the Senate lack the votes needed to pass.  If the legislature indicates 
that it will not pas the MOU, SoCal would likely file for voluntary 
bankruptcy (or its creditor - involuntary) due to the lack operating cash.  
The second likely triggering event, which is linked directly to the bond 
issuance, would be an effort by Senator Bowen to amend SB 31X (bridge loan) 
stating that the DWR would received 100% of its payments from ratepayers, 
then the utilities would receive the residual amount.  In other words, the 
state will get paid before the utilities.  If this language is included and 
passed by the legislature, it appears likely that SoCal will likely file for 
bankruptcy.  SoCal is urging the legislature to pay both the utilities and 
the DWR proportionately from rate payments.
James D Steffes@ENRON
Privileged & Confidential Communication
Attorney-Client Communication and Attorney Work Product Privileges Asserted
Please forward to anyone on your team that wants updates on Western wholesale 
matters (should also give you an opportunity to raise state matters if you 
want to discuss).
Jim
Ray Alvarez
Privileged & Confidential Communication
Attorney-Client Communication and Attorney Work Product Privileges Asserted
Date:   Every Thursday
Time:    1:00 pm Pacific, 3:00 pm Central, and 4:00 pm Eastern time,
Attached is the table of the on-going FERC issues and proceedings updated for 
use on tomorrow's conference call.  It is available to all team members on 
appropriate.
Proposed agenda for tomorrow:
Power-  Discussion of FERC market monitoring and mitigation order in 
EL00-95-12 and review of upcoming filings
Gas- Response to subpoenas of SoCal Edison in RP00-241 and upcoming items
Misc.
I will be unable to participate in the call tomorrow as I will be attending 
the Senate Energy and Resource Committee Hearing on the elements of the FERC 
market monitoring and mitigation order.
Traveling to have a business meeting takes the fun out of the trip.  
Especially if you have to prepare a presentation.  I would suggest holding 
the business plan meetings here then take a trip without any formal business 
meetings.  I would even try and get some honest opinions on whether a trip is 
even desired or necessary.
As far as the business meetings, I think it would be more productive to try 
and stimulate discussions across the different groups about what is working 
and what is not.  Too often the presenter speaks and the others are quiet 
just waiting for their turn.   The meetings might be better if held in a 
round table discussion format.  
My suggestion for where to go is Austin.  Play golf and rent a ski boat and 
jet ski's.  Flying somewhere takes too much time.
Tim,
mike grigsby is having problems with accessing the west power site.  Can you 
please make sure he has an active password.  
Thank you,
Reagan,
Just wanted to give you an update.  I have changed the unit mix to include 
some 1 bedrooms and reduced the number of buildings to 12.  Kipp Flores is 
working on the construction drawings.  At the same time I am pursuing FHA 
financing.  Once the construction drawings are complete I will send them to 
you for a revised bid.  Your original bid was competitive and I am still 
attracted to your firm because of your strong local presence and contacts.
Jim,
Is there going to be a conference call or some type of weekly meeting about 
all the regulatory issues facing California this week?  Can you make sure the 
gas desk is included.
Ina Rangel
Full Name:        Phillip Allen
Login ID:   pallen
Extension:  3-7041
Office Location:  EB3210C
What type of computer do you have?  (Desktop,  Laptop,  Both)  Both
Do you have a PDA?  If yes, what type do you have:   (None, IPAQ, Palm Pilot, 
Jornada)  IPAQ
Are you responsible for updating anyone else's address book?  
Is anyone else responsible for updating your address book?  
Do you have access to a shared calendar?  
Do you have any Distribution Groups that Messaging maintains for you (for 
mass mailings)?  
Please list all Notes databases applications that you currently use:  NONE
need to know:
What are your normal work hours?  From:     7:00 AM To:      5:00 PM
Will you be out of the office in the near future for vacation, leave, etc? NO
Outlook Migration Team@ENRON
Current Notes User:
REASONS FOR USING OUTLOOK WEB ACCESS (OWA)
client will be configured on your computer.
After migration of your mailbox, you will not be able to send or recieve mail 
via Notes, and you will not be able to start using Outlook until it is 
configured by the Outlook Migration team the morning after your mailbox is 
migrated.  During this period, you can use Outlook Web Access (OWA) via your 
web browser (Internet Explorer 5.0) to read and send mail.
PLEASE NOTE:  Your calendar entries, personal address book, journals, and 
client is configured on your desktop.
After your Outlook client is configured, you can use Outlook Web Access (OWA) 
for remote access to your mailbox.
PLEASE NOTE:  At this time, the OWA client is only accessible while 
connecting to the Enron network (LAN).  There are future plans to make OWA 
available from your home or when traveling abroad.
HOW TO ACCESS OUTLOOK WEB ACCESS (OWA)
Launch Internet Explorer 5.0, and in the address window type:  
Substitute "john.doe" with your first and last name, then click ENTER.  You 
id" for the user name and your NT password to logon to OWA and click OK.  You 
will now be able to view your mailbox.
PLEASE NOTE:  There are some subtle differences in the functionality between 
the Outlook and OWA clients.  You will not be able to do many of the things 
in OWA that you can do in Outlook.  Below is a brief list of *some* of the 
functions NOT available via OWA:
Features NOT available using OWA:
QUESTIONS OR CONCERNS?
If you have questions or concerns using the OWA client, please contact the 
Outlook 2000 question and answer Mailbox at:
Otherwise, you may contact the Resolution Center at:
Thank you,
Outlook 2000 Migration Team
Outlook Migration Team@ENRON
Current Notes User: 
it is necessary to gather individual user information prior to your date of 
migration.  Please take a few minutes to completely fill out the following 
survey.  When you finish, simply click on the 'Reply' button then hit 'Send'  
Your survey will automatically be sent to the Outlook 2000 Migration Mailbox.
Thank you.
Outlook 2000 Migration Team
Full Name:        
Login ID:  
Extension:  
Office Location:  
What type of computer do you have?  (Desktop,  Laptop,  Both)  
Do you have a PDA?  If yes, what type do you have:   (None, IPAQ, Palm Pilot, 
Jornada)  
Are you responsible for updating anyone else's address book?  
Is anyone else responsible for updating your address book?  
Do you have access to a shared calendar?  
Do you have any Distribution Groups that Messaging maintains for you (for 
mass mailings)?  
Please list all Notes databases applications that you currently use:  
need to know:
What are your normal work hours?  From:      To:      
Will you be out of the office in the near future for vacation, leave, etc?
Alan, 
You should have received updated numbers from Keith Holst.  Call me if you 
did not receive them.
Alan Comnes
Phillip,
table you prepared for me a few months ago, which I've attached..  Can you 
oblige?  Thanks,
Alan Comnes
PM ---------------------------
Janel Guerrero@ENRON
Alan,
Steve has asked that you update the power point below so that it reflects all 
year.  Ken wants to have this updated chart in his briefing book for next 
week's "Ken Lay Tour" to CA.  
He also wants a forward price curve for both gas and power in CA.  Can we get 
these three documents by Monday afternoon?  
Alan Comnes
Phillip,
table you prepared for me a few months ago, which I've attached..  Can you 
oblige?  Thanks,
Alan Comnes
PM ---------------------------
Janel Guerrero@ENRON
Alan,
Steve has asked that you update the power point below so that it reflects all 
year.  Ken wants to have this updated chart in his briefing book for next 
week's "Ken Lay Tour" to CA.  
He also wants a forward price curve for both gas and power in CA.  Can we get 
these three documents by Monday afternoon?  
Tim,
Can you authorize access to the west power site for Keith Holtz.  He is our 
Southern California basis trader and is under a two year contract.
On another note, is it my imagination or did the SARR website lower its 
forecast for McNary discharge during May.  It seems like the flows have been 
lowered into the 130 range and there are fewer days near 170.  Also the 
second half of April doesn't seem to have panned out as I expected.  The 
outflows stayed at 100-110 at McNary.  Can you email or call with some 
additional insight?
Thank you,
Gary,
I have also been speaking to Johnnie Brown in San Antonio to be the general 
contractor.  According to Johnnie, I would not be pay any less buying from 
the factory versus purchasing the panels through him since my site is within 
his region.  Assuming this is true, I will work directly with him.  I believe 
he has sent you my plans.  They were prepared by Kipp Flores architects.  
Can you confirm that the price is the same direct from the factory or from 
the distributor?  If you have the estimates worked up for Johnnie will you 
please email them to me as well?
Thank you for your time.  I am excited about potentially using your product.
Ray,
Is there any detail on the gas cost proxy.  Which delivery points from which 
publication will be used?  Basically, can you help us get any clarification 
on the language "the average daily cost of gas for all delivery points in 
California"?
Ned,
Regarding the Waha storage, the west desk does not have a strong need for 
this storage but we are always willing to show a bid based on the current 
withdrawal fees.  Also an undiscounted  June 01 to January 02 spread of $0.60 
existed at the time of this bid.
Bid for a 1 year storage contract beginning June 01 based on above 
I am not sure if this is exactly what you need or not.  Please call or email 
with comments.
Phillip Allen
Ray Alvarez@ENRON
doors "in smoke filled rooms", if not directly between Commissioners then 
among FERC staffers.  Never say never, but I think it is highly unlikely that 
the final order will contain a fixed price cap.  I base this belief in large 
part on what I heard at a luncheon I attended yesterday afternoon at which 
the keynote speaker was FERC Chairman Curt Hebert.  Although the Chairman 
began his presentation by expressly stating that he would not comment or 
answer questions on pending proceedings before the Commission, Hebert had 
some enlightening comments which relate to price caps:
Price caps are almost never the right answer
Price Caps will have the effect of prolonging shortages
Competitive choices for consumers is the right answer
Any solution, however short term, that does not increase supply or reduce 
demand, is not acceptable
Eight out of eleven western Governors oppose price caps, in that they would 
export California's problems to the West
This is the latest intelligence I have on the matter, and it's a pretty 
strong anti- price cap position.  Of course, Hebert is just one Commissioner 
out of 3 currently on the Commission, but he controls the meeting agenda and 
if the draft order is not to his liking, the item could be bumped off the 
agenda.  Hope this info helps.  Ray
Phillip K Allen@ECT
Are there behind closed doors discussions being held prior to the meeting?  
Is there the potential for a surprise announcement of some sort of fixed 
price gas or power cap once the open meeting finally happens?
Are there behind closed doors discussions being held prior to the meeting?  
Is there the potential for a surprise announcement of some sort of fixed 
Gary,
Here is a photograph of a similar house.  The dimensions would be 56'Wide X 
porch across the entire back and 30' across the front.  A modification to the 
front will be the addition of a gable across 25' on the left side.  The 
living area will be brought forward under this gable to be flush with the 
front porch.  
I don't have my floor plan with me at work today, but will bring in tomorrow 
and fax you a copy.
Phillip Allen
pallen@enron.com
Hunter S Shively
Mr. Allen - 
Per our phone conversation, please see the instructions below to get access 
concerns.
Eric Benson
Sr. Specialist
Enron Government Affairs - The Americas
As long as you are configured to receive Real Video, you should be able to 
access the FERC meeting this Wednesday, November 8.  The instructions are 
below.
Janet Butler
Rebecca.Cantrell@enron.com
Here is the URL address for the Capitol Connection.  You should be able to 
simply click on this URL below and it should come up for you.  (This is 
the annual contract and bill your cost centers.
You are connected for tomorrow as long as you have access to Real Video.
Instructions:
Once into the Capitol Connection sight, click on FERC
Click on first line (either "click here" or box)
Dialogue box should require:  user name:  enron-y
Real Player will connect you to the meeting
Expand your screen as you wish for easier viewing
Adjust your sound as you wish
Frank,
The implied risk created by the san juan and rockies indeces being partially 
set after today is the same as the risk in a long futures position.  Whatever 
the risk was prior should not matter.  Since the rest of the books are very 
short price this should be a large offset.  If the VAR calculation does not 
match the company's true risk then it needs to be revised or adjusted.  
Jeff Richter
I just spoke to the insurance company.  They are going to cancel and prorate 
FYI, 
o Selling 500K KV, lowers overall desk VAR by $4 million
Frank
Griff,
It is bidweek again.  I need to provide view only ID's to the two major 
publications that post the monthly indeces.  Please email an id and password 
Dexter Steis at Natural Gas Intelligence- dexter@intelligencepress.com
Liane Kucher at Inside Ferc-  lkuch@mh.com
Bidweek is under way so it is critical that these id's are sent out asap.
Thanks for your help,
Send his resume to Karen Buckley.  I believe there will be a full round of 
Have him send his resume to Karen Buckley in HR.  There is a new round of 
trading track interviews in May.
Andrea,
After reviewing Bryan Hull's resume, I think he would be best suited for the 
trading track program.  Please forward his resume to Karen Buckley.
Johnnie,
Thank you for meeting with me on Friday.  I left feeling very optimistic 
about the panel system.  I would like to find a way to incorporate the panels 
into the home design I showed you.  In order to make it feasible within my 
budget I am sure it will take several iterations.  The prospect of purchasing 
the panels and having your  framers install them may have to be considered.  
However, my first choice would be for you to be the general contractor.
I realize you receive a number of calls just seeking information about this 
product with very little probability of a sale.  I just want to assure you 
that I am going to build this house in the fall and I would seriously 
consider using the panel system if it truly was only a slight increase in 
cost over stick built.
Please email your cost estimates when complete.
Thank you,
Ina, 
Can you please forward the presentation to Mog.
Phillip
Hi Philip
If you do have slides preapred,, can you have your assistant e:mail a copy to 
Mog Heu, who will conference in from New York.
Thanks, karen
From:  Allen, Phillip  
Sent: Wednesday, April 18, 2001 10:30 AM
The topic will the the western natural gas market.  I may have overhead 
slides.  I will bring handouts.
Bob,
Chad,
Call Ted Bland about the trading track program.  All the desks are trying to 
use this program to train analysts to be traders.  Your experience should 
help you in the process and make the risk rotation unnecessary. Unless you 
are dying to do another rotation is risk.
How am I to send them the money for the silent second?  Regular mail, 
overnight, wire transfer?  I don't see how their bank will make the funds 
available by Friday unless I wire the money.  If that is what I need to do 
The topic will the the western natural gas market.  I may have overhead 
Jeff,
I am in the office today.  Any isssues to deal with for the stagecoach?
Enron Wholesale Services (EES Gas Desk)
Approved Trader List:
Name    Title    Region  Basis Only
Black, Don   Vice President   Any Desk
Hewitt, Jess   Director    All Desks
Vanderhorst, Barry  Director    East, West 
Shireman, Kris   Director    West
Des Champs, Joe  Director    Central
Reynolds, Roger   Director    West
Migliano, Andy    Manager   Central
Wiltfong, Jim   Manager   All Desks
Barker, Jim   Sr, Specialist   East
Fleming, Matt   Sr. Specialist   East - basis only
Tate, Paul   Sr. Specialist   East - basis only
Driscoll, Marde   Sr. Specialist   East - basis only
Arnold, Laura   Sr. Specialist   Central - basis only 
Blaine, Jay   Sr. Specialist   East - basis only
Guerra, Jesus   Sr. Specialist   Central - basis only
Bangle, Christina  Sr. Specialist   East - basis only
Smith, Rhonda   Sr. Specialist   East - basis only
Boettcher, Amanda  Sr. Specialist   Central - basis only
Pendegraft, Sherry  Sr. Specialist   East - basis only
Ruby Robinson   Specialist   West - basis only
Diza, Alain   Specialist   East - basis only
Monday, April 16, 2001
Jess P. Hewitt
Revised
Approved Trader List.doc
The insurance company is: 
Central Insurance Agency, Inc
P.O. Box 15427
Austin, TX 78761-5427
Policy #CBI420478
Contact:  Jeanette Peterson
The actual policy is signed by Vista Insurance Partners.
Please try and schedule the appraiser for sometime after 1 p.m. so my Dad can 
walk him around.  
I will be out of town on Tuesday.  What else do we need to get done before 
closing?
Here is a simplistic spreadsheet.  I didn't drop in the new generation yet, 
but even without the new plants it looks like Q3 is no worse than last year.
Can you take a look and get back to me with the bullish case?
thanks,
Phillip
Here is a simplistic spreadsheet.  I didn't drop in the new generation yet, 
but even without the new plants it looks like Q3 is no worse than last year.
Can you take a look and get back to me with the bullish case?
thanks,
Phillip
I will try and get my dad to take the appraiser into a couple of units.  Let 
me know the day and time.
Dave,
The back office is having a hard time dealing with the $11 million dollars 
that is to be recognized as transport expense by the west desk then recouped 
from the Office of the Chairman.    Is your understanding that the West desk 
will receive origination each month based on the schedule below.
follows:
October 2000  $1,395,000
November 2000 $1,350,000
December 2000 $1,395,000
January 2001  $   669,600
February 2001  $   604,800
March 2001  $   669,600
April 2001  $   648,000
May 2001  $   669,600
June 2001  $   648,000
July 2001  $   669,600
August 2001  $   669,600
September 2001 $   648,000
October 2001  $   669,600
November 2001 $   648,000
December 2001 $   669,600
This schedule represents a demand charge payable to NBP Energy Pipelines by 
Office of the Chairman has agreed to reimburse the west desk for this expense.
Let me know if you disagree.
Larry,
It sounds like Claudia and Jacques are almost finished with the documents.  
There is one item of which I was unsure.  Was an environmental
report prepared before the original purchase?  If yes, shouldn't it be listed 
as an asset of the partnership and your costs be recovered?
Lucy,
The spreadsheet looks fine to me. 
Bruce,
Thank you for your bid.  I have decided on a floor plan.  I am going to have 
an architect in Austin draw the plans and help me work up a detailed 
specification list.  I will send you that detailed plan and spec list when 
complete for a final bid.  Probably in early to mid June.
Phillip et al.,
I have been digging into the answer to your question re: demand reduction in 
the West.  Your intuition as to reductions seen so far (e.g., March 2001 vs. 
March 2000) was absolutely correct.  At this point, it appears that demand 
over the last 12 months in the CAISO control area, after adjusting for 
temperature and time of use factors, has fallen by about 6%.  This translates 
into a reduction of about 1,500-1,600 MWa for last month (March 2001) as 
compared with the previous year.
Looking forward into the summer, I believe that we will see further voluntary 
reductions (as opposed to "forced" reductions via rolling blackouts).  Other 
forecasters (e.g., PIRA) are estimating that another 1,200-1,300 MWa (making 
This scenario is not difficult to imagine, as it would require only a couple 
more percentage points reduction in overall peak demand.  Given that the 6% 
decrease we have seen so far has come without any real price signals to the 
retail market, and that rates are now scheduled to increase, I think that it 
is possible we could see peak demand fall by as much as 10% relative to last 
year.  This would mean peak demand reductions of approx 3,300-3,500 MWa in 
Jun-Aug.  In addition, a number of efforts aimed specifically at conservation 
are being promoted by the State, which can only increase the likelihood of 
meeting, and perhaps exceeding, the 3,500 MWa figure.  Finally, the general 
economic slowdown in Calif could also further depress demand, or at least 
make the 3,500 MWa number that much more attainable.
Note that all the numbers I am reporting here are for the CAISO control area 
only, which represents about 89% of total Calif load, or 36-37% of WSCC 
portion of Calif (i.e., LADWP and IID) will see similar reductions in 
demand.  As for the rest of the WSCC, that is a much more difficult call.  As 
you are aware, the Pacific NW has already seen about 2,000 MWa of aluminum 
smelter load come off since Dec, and this load is expected to stay off at 
least through Sep, and possibly for the next couple of years (if BPA gets its 
wish).  This figure represents approx 4% of the non-Calif WSCC.  Several 
mining operations in the SW and Rockies have recently announced that they are 
sharply curtailing production.  I have not yet been able to pin down exactly 
how many MW this translates to, but I will continue to research the issue.  
Other large industrials may follow suit, and the ripple effects from Calif's 
economic slowdown could be a factor throughout the West.  While the rest of 
the WSCC may not see the 10%+ reductions that I am expecting in Calif, I 
think we could easily expect an additional 2-3% (on top of the 4% already 
realized), or approx 1,000-1,500 MWa, of further demand reduction in the 
non-Calif WSCC for this summer.  This would bring the total reduction for the 
WSCC, including the 2,000 MWa aluminum load we have already seen, to around 
I am continuing to research and monitor the situation, and will provide you 
with updates as new or better information becomes available.  Meantime, I 
hope this helps.  Please feel free to call (503-464-8671) if you have any 
questions or need any further information.
Lucy,
Here is the rentroll from last friday.  
The closing was to be this Thursday but it has been delayed until Friday 
April 20th.  If you can stay on until April 20th that would be helpful.  If 
you have made other commitments I understand.
You can give out my work numer (713) 853-7041
Jed,
Thanks for the response.  
The following are the prices you requested.  Unfortunately we are unwilling
can consider these accurate market prices:
Our present value mark to market calculations for these trades are as
follows:
Apr02-Oct02 @  0.60 =  $5,920,980
Apr02-Oct02 @  0.745 =  $5,637,469
Apr02-Oct02 @  0.55 =  $3,006,092
If you have any other questions call: (203) 355-5059
Jed Hershey
confidential information, and is only for the use by the intended recipient. 
Receipt by an unintended recipient does not constitute a waiver of any 
applicable privilege.
Reading, disclosure, discussion, dissemination, distribution or copying of 
this information by anyone other than the intended recipient or his or her 
employees or agents is strictly prohibited.  If you have received this 
communication in error, please immediately notify us and delete the original 
material from your computer.
Sempra Energy Trading Corp. (SET) is not the same company as SDG&E or 
SoCalGas, the utilities owned by SET's parent company.  SET is not regulated 
by the California Public Utilities Commission and you do not have to buy 
SET's products and services to continue to receive quality regulated service 
from the utilities.
Reagan,
I sent you an email last week stating that I would be in San Marcos on 
Friday, April 13th.  However, my closing has been postponed.  As I mentioned 
I am going to have Cary Kipp draw the plans for the residence and I will get 
back in touch with you once he is finished.
Regarding the multifamily project, I am going to work with a project manager 
from San Antonio.  For my first development project, I feel more comfortable 
with their experience obtaining FHA financing.  We are working with Kipp 
Flores to finalize the floor plans and begin construction drawings.  Your bid 
for the construction is competive with other construction estimates.  I am 
still attracted to your firm as the possible builder due to your strong local 
relationships.  I will get back in touch with you once we have made the final 
determination on unit mix and site plan.
Jacques,
The amounts needed to fill in the blanks on Exhibit "B" are as follows:
Kipp Flores-Total Contract was $23,600 but $2,375 was paid and only $21,225 
is outstanding.
Kohutek- $2,150 
Cuatro- $37,800
George & Larry paid $3,500 for the appraisal and I agreed to reimburse this 
amount.
The total cash that Keith and I will pay the Sellers is $5,875 ($3,500 
appraisal and $2,375 engineering).    I couldn't find any reference to this 
cash consideration to be paid by the buyers.
Let me know if I need to do anything else before you can forward this to the  
sellers to be executed.
Phillip
Steve,
Thank you for the update.  The need is still great for this disk space.  
John,
Regarding the employment agreement, Mike declined without a counter.  Keith 
receive the same signing incentives as Keith.  
Thanks for the response.  I think you are right that engaging an architect is 
the next logical step.  I had already contacted Cary Kipp and sent him the 
floor plan.
He got back to me yesterday with his first draft.  He took my plan and 
improved it.  I am going to officially engage Cary to draw the plans.  While 
he works on those I wanted to try and work out a detailed specification 
list.  Also, I would like to visit a couple of homes that you have built and 
speak to 1 or 2 satisfied home owners.  I will be in San Marcos on Friday 
April 13th.  Are there any homes near completion that I could walk through 
that day?  Also can you provide some references?
Once I have the plans and specs, I will send them to you so you can adjust 
your bid.  
Do you have a distribution list to send this to all the traders.
Phillip
please be our guests and invite anyone on your desks that would be interested 
in meeting some of the new gas desk team.
Thank you,
Jess
Jacques,
The assets and liabilities that we are willing to assume are listed below:
Assets:
Land
Preliminary Architecture Design-Kipp Flores Architects
Preliminary Engineering-Cuatro Consultants, Ltd.
Soils Study-Kohutek Engineering & Testing, Inc.
Appraisal-Atrium Real Estate Services
Liabilities:
Note to Phillip Allen
Outstanding Invoices to Kipp Flores, Cuatro, and Kohutek
Additional Consideration or Concessions
Forgive interest due
Reimburse $3,500 for appraisal and $2,375 for partial payment to engineer
Let me know if you need more detail.  
Parking & Transportation@ENRON
The Enron Center garage will be opening very soon.
Employees who work for business units that are scheduled to move to the new 
building and currently park in the Allen Center or Met garages are being 
offered a parking space in the new Enron Center garage.
This is the only offer you will receive during the initial migration to the 
new garage. Spaces will be filled on a first come first served basis. The 
cost for the new garage will be the same as Allen Center garage which is 
currently $165.00 per month, less the company subsidy, leaving a monthly 
employee cost of $94.00.
If you choose not to accept this offer at this time, you may add your name to 
the Enron Center garage waiting list at a later day and offers will be made 
as spaces become available. 
The Saturn Ring  that connects the garage and both buildings will not be 
opened until summer 2001. All initial parkers will have to use the street 
level entrance to Enron Center North until Saturn Ring access is available. 
Garage stairways next to the elevator lobbies at each floor may be used as an 
exit in the event of elevator trouble. 
If you are interested in accepting this offer, please reply via email to 
Parking and Transportation as soon as you reach a decision. Following your 
email, arrangements will be made for you to turn in your old parking card and 
receive a parking transponder along with a new information packet for the new 
garage.
The Parking and Transportation desk may be reached via email at Parking and 
will have to use the garage stairwell located on the corner of Bell & Smith.)
Jacques
I am out of the office for the rest of the week.  Have you ever seen anyone 
miss as much work as I have in the last 6 weeks?  I assure you this is 
unusual for me.
Hopefully we can sign some documents on Monday.  Call me on my cell phone if 
you need me.
Reagan,
I am still reviewing the numbers but here are some initial thoughts.
Are you proposing a cost plus contract with no cap?
What role would you play in obtaining financing?  Any experience with FHA 
Although your fees are lower than George and Larry I am still getting market 
quotes lower yet.  I have received estimates structured as follows:
I just wanted to give you this initial feedback.  I have also attached an 
extremely primitive spreadsheet to outline the project.  As you can see even 
reducing the builders fees to the numbers above the project would only 
generate $219,194 of cash flow for a return of 21%.  I am not thrilled about 
such a low return.  I think I need to find a way to get the total cost down 
I realize that you are offering significant development experience plus you 
local connections.  I am not discounting those services.   I will be out of 
the office for the rest of the week, but I will call you early next week.
Phillip
Cary,
Here is the picture of the house I have in mind.  I was going for a simple
farmhouse style to  place on 5 acres near Wimberley.
A few points that might not be obvious from the plans are:
There will be a double porch across the back just like the front
No dormers (Metal roof)
Overall dimensions are 55 by 40
What I am looking for is a little design help in the kitchen.  More
cabinets, maybe a different shaped island, and a way to enlarge the pantry.
Reagan
suggested that I find a way to make the exterior more attractive.  I want
bringing the left
side forward in the front of the house and place 1 gable in the front.
That might look good if the exterior was stone and stucco.  Also the front
porch would
be smaller.
I have 3 bids from builders all around $325,000.  I am ready to go ahead
and have the plans done so I can spec out all the finishings and choose a
builder.
I just wanted to give you the opportunity to do the work.  As I mentioned
sketch, you might consider the job for less than the $6,000 that Reagan
allowed.
Phillip Allen
Hunter S Shively
Bob,
I spoke to Jeff.  He said he would not pay anything. I am waiting for John to 
be in a good mood to ask.  What is plan B?
Cary,
Here is the picture of the house I have in mind.  I was going for a simple
farmhouse style to  place on 5 acres near Wimberley.
A few points that might not be obvious from the plans are:
There will be a double porch across the back just like the front
No dormers (Metal roof)
Overall dimensions are 55 by 40
What I am looking for is a little design help in the kitchen.  More
cabinets, maybe a different shaped island, and a way to enlarge the pantry.
Reagan
suggested that I find a way to make the exterior more attractive.  I want
bringing the left
side forward in the front of the house and place 1 gable in the front.
That might look good if the exterior was stone and stucco.  Also the front
porch would
be smaller.
I have 3 bids from builders all around $325,000.  I am ready to go ahead
and have the plans done so I can spec out all the finishings and choose a
builder.
I just wanted to give you the opportunity to do the work.  As I mentioned
sketch, you might consider the job for less than the $6,000 that Reagan
allowed.
Phillip Allen
Hunter S Shively
scsatkfa@caprock.net
The user's email name is not found.
Received: from postmaster.enron.com ([192.152.140.9]) by mail1.caprock.net  
with Microsoft SMTPSVC(5.5.1877.197.19);  Thu, 29 Mar 2001 09:36:49 -0600
Received: from mailman.enron.com (mailman.enron.com [192.168.189.66]) by 
From: Phillip.K.Allen@enron.com
Received: from nahou-msmsw03px.corp.enron.com ([172.28.10.39]) by 
Received: from ene-mta01.enron.com (unverified) by 
nahou-msmsw03px.corp.enron.com (Content Technologies SMTPRS 4.1.5) with ESMTP 
id <Tac1c0a2752962e2481@nahou-msmsw03px.corp.enron.com> for 
Date: Thu, 29 Mar 2001 09:41:58 -0600
Message-ID: <OF1845F8DC.31DE1EAF-ON86256A1E.00535FA2@enron.com>
MIME-Version: 1.0
Boundary="0__=86256A1E00535FA28f9e8a93df938690918c86256A1E00535FA2"
Content-Disposition: inline
Return-Path: Phillip.K.Allen@enron.com
Cary,
Here is the picture of the house I have in mind.  I was going for a simple
farmhouse style to  place on 5 acres near Wimberley.
A few points that might not be obvious from the plans are:
There will be a double porch across the back just like the front
No dormers (Metal roof)
Overall dimensions are 55 by 40
What I am looking for is a little design help in the kitchen.  More
cabinets, maybe a different shaped island, and a way to enlarge the pantry.
Reagan
suggested that I find a way to make the exterior more attractive.  I want
bringing the left
side forward in the front of the house and place 1 gable in the front.
That might look good if the exterior was stone and stucco.  Also the front
porch would
be smaller.
I have 3 bids from builders all around $325,000.  I am ready to go ahead
and have the plans done so I can spec out all the finishings and choose a
builder.
I just wanted to give you the opportunity to do the work.  As I mentioned
sketch, you might consider the job for less than the $6,000 that Reagan
allowed.
Phillip Allen
Hunter S Shively
Cary,
Here is the picture of the house I have in mind.  I was going for a simple 
farmhouse style to  place on 5 acres near Wimberley.  
A few points that might not be obvious from the plans are:
There will be a double porch across the back just like the front
No dormers (Metal roof)
Overall dimensions are 55 by 40
What I am looking for is a little design help in the kitchen.  More cabinets, 
maybe a different shaped island, and a way to enlarge the pantry.    Reagan 
suggested that I find a way to make the exterior more attractive.  I want to 
keep a simple roof line to avoid leaks, but I was thinking about bringing the 
left
side forward in the front of the house and place 1 gable in the front.  That 
might look good if the exterior was stone and stucco.  Also the front porch 
would 
be smaller.
I have 3 bids from builders all around $325,000.  I am ready to go ahead and 
have the plans done so I can spec out all the finishings and choose a builder.
I just wanted to give you the opportunity to do the work.  As I mentioned my 
sketch, you might consider the job for less than the $6,000 that Reagan 
allowed.
Phillip Allen
Hunter S Shively
Reagan,
Thank you for the quick response on the bid for the residence.  Below is a 
list of questions on the specs:
and cost about the same?
joist?
type of insulation in floors and ceiling?  Batts or blown?  Fiberglass or 
Cellulose?
the difference between an apron and a stool.
cracking?  Double plywood or hardi board underlay?
one out of iron.  Only about 5 feet.
the stairs. A pedestal sink would probably work.
stainless in kitchen and undermount cast iron in baths.
railings?
for change orders?
I want to get painfully detailed with the specs before I make a decision but 
this is a start.  I think I am ready to get plans drawn up.  I am going to 
call Cary Kipp to
see about setting up a design meeting to see if I like his ideas.
Phillip
I
Larry,
Jacques has sent a document to Claudia for your review.  Just dropping you a 
line to confirm that you have seen it.
Jacques,
Would it be ok if I signed new consulting agreements with the engineer and 
architect?  They have both sent me agreements.  The only payment
that George and Larry had made was $2,350 to the architect.  I have written 
personal checks in the amounts of $25,000 to the architect and $13,950 to the 
engineer.
I was wondering if the prior work even needs to be listed as an asset of the 
partnership.  
I would like for the agreements with these consultants to be with the 
partnership not with me.  Should I wait until the partnership has been 
conveyed to sign in the name of the partnership.
Let me know what you think.
Phillip
Hunter S Shively
Hunter S Shively
Greg,
Here are my comments and questions on the cost estimates:
What do the cost for On-Site General Requirements ( $299,818) represent?
Will you review the builders profit and fees with me again?  You mentioned 2% 
overhead, 3 %  ???, and 5% profit.
Why is profit only 4%? 
Why are the architect fees up to $200K.  I thought they would be $80K.
What is the $617K of profit allowance?  Is that the developers profit to 
boost loan amount but not a real cost?
receives the 2 points?  How much will be sunk costs if FHA declines us?
Where is your 1%?  Are you receiving one of the points on the loan?
What is the status on the operating pro forma?  My back of the envelope puts 
expenses.  After debt service that would only leave $122K.  The coverage 
would only be 1.16.
Talk to you this afternoon.
Phillip
Phil,
Thanks so much for pulling together the November bidweek information for the
West and getting it to us with so much detail well before our deadline. Please
Liane Kucher, Inside FERC Gas Market Report
Grif,
Please provide a temporary id
Phillip
Hi Phillip,
It's that time of month again, if you could be so kind.
Thanks,
Dexter
Dexter Steis
Executive Publisher
Intelligence Press, Inc.
Sterling, VA 20164
tel: (703) 318-8848
fax: (703) 318-0597
John,
Mike is fine with signing a new contract (subject to reading the terms, of 
course).  He prefers to set strikes over a 3 month period.  His existing 
contract pays him a retention payment of $55,000 in the next week.  He still 
wants to receive this payment.
Reagan,
sides
The overall dimensions are 55' X 40'.  For a total of 4400 sq ft under roof, 
but 
box with a simple roof 
Phillip 
Hunter S Shively
Greg,
Something that I forgot to ask you.  Do you know if Hugo is planning to 
replatt using an administrative process which I understand is quicker than 
the full replatting process of 3 weeks?
Also let me know about the parking.  The builder in San Marcos believed the 
plan only had 321 parking spots but would require 382 by code.  The townhomes 
across the street have a serious parking problem.  They probably planned for 
the students to park in the garages but instead they are used as extra rooms.
Jacques,
The agreement looks fine.   My only comment is that George and Larry might 
object to the language that "the bank that was requested to finance the 
construction of the project declined to make the loan based on the high costs 
of the construction of the Project".   Technically, that bank lowered the 
loan amount based on lower estimates of rents which altered the amount of 
equity that would be required. 
Did I loan them $1,300,000?  I thought it was less.
Regarding Exhibit A, the assets include:  the land, architectural plans, 
engineering completed, appraisal, and soils study.   Most of these items are 
in a state of partial completion by the consultants.  I have been speaking 
directly to the architect, engineer, and soils engineer.   I am unclear on 
what is the best way to proceed with these consultants.  
The obligations should include the fees owed to the consultants above.  Do we 
need to list balances due or just list the work completed as an asset  and 
give consideration of $5,875 for the cash paid to the engineer and appraisor.
Hope this helps!  This is the current gas desk list that I have in my 
personal address book.  Call me with any questions.
Erika
GROUP: East Desk
Basics:	
Group name:	East Desk
Group type:	Multi-purpose
Description:	
Foreign directory sync allowed:	Yes
GROUP: West Desk
Basics:	
Group name:	West Desk
Group type:	Multi-purpose
Description:	
Foreign directory sync allowed:	Yes
Steve,
Larry,
Jacques has been working with Claudia.  I will check his progress this 
morning and let you know.
Greg,
can reach me on my cell phone 713-410-4679 or email pallen70@hotmail.com.
I was planning on stopping by to see Hugo Elizondo on Thursday to drop off a 
check and give him the green light to file for replatting.  What will change 
if we want to try and complete the project in phases.  Does he need to change 
what he is going to submit to the city.
I spoke to Gordon Kohutek this morning.  He was contracted to complete the 
soils study.  He says he will be done with his report by the end of the 
week.  I don't know who needs this report.  I told Gordon you might call to 
inquire about what work he performed. His number is 512-930-5832.
We spoke on the phone about most of these issues.
Talk to you later.
Phillip,
It looks as though we have most of the interim hardware upgrades in the 
building now, although we are still expecting a couple of components to 
arrive on Monday.
server environment on Tuesday. If anything changes, I'll let you know.
best regards
Steve Stock
Jacques,
Here is Larry Lewter's response to my request for more documentation to 
support the $15,000.  As you will read below, it is no longer an issue.  I 
think that was the last issue to resolve. 
Phillip
Phillip, the title company held the $15,000 in escrow and it has been
returned. It is no longer and issue.
Larry
From: Phillip.K.Allen@enron.com [mailto:Phillip.K.Allen@enron.com]
Sent: Monday, March 19, 2001 8:45 AM
Larrry,
I realize you are disappointed about the project.  It is not my desire for
you to be left with out of pocket expenses.  The only item from your list
that I need further
clarification is the $15,000 worth of extensions.  You mentioned that this
was applied to the cost of the land and it actually represents your cash
investment in the land.  I agree that you should be refunded any cash
investment.  My only request is that you help me locate this amount on the
closing statement or on some other document.
Phillip
Ina,
Can you help me approve this request?
Phillip
This request has been pending your approval for  9 days.  Please click 
Approval to review and act upon this request.
Request ID          : 000000000021442
Requested For       : mike.grigsby@enron.com
Resource Name       : Market Data Bloomberg
Resource Type       : Applications
Jacques,
Still trying to close the loop on the $15,000 of extensions.  Assuming that 
it is worked out today or tomorrow, I would like to get whatever documents 
need to be
completed to convey the partnership done.  I need to work with the engineer 
and architect to get things moving.  I am planning on  writing a personal 
check to the engineer while I am setting up new accounts.  Let me know if 
there is a reason I should not do this.
Thanks for all your help so far.  Between your connections and expertise in 
structuring the loan, you saved us from getting into a bad deal.
Larrry,
I realize you are disappointed about the project.  It is not my desire for 
you to be left with out of pocket expenses.  The only item from your list 
that I need further 
clarification is the $15,000 worth of extensions.  You mentioned that this 
was applied to the cost of the land and it actually represents your cash 
investment in the land.  I agree that you should be refunded any cash 
investment.  My only request is that you help me locate this amount on the 
closing statement or on some other document.
Jacques,
I think we reached an agreement with George and Larry to pick up the items of 
value and not pay any fees for their time.  It looks as if we will be able to 
use everything they have done (engineering, architecture, survey, 
appraisal).  One point that is unclear is they claim that the $15,000 in 
extensions that they paid was applied to the purchase price of the land like 
earnest money would be applied.  I looked at the closing statements and I 
didn't see $15,000 applied against the purchase price.  Can you help clear 
this up.
Assuming we clear up the $15,000, we need to get the property released.  
Keith and I are concerned about taking over the Bishop Corner partnership and 
the risk that there could be undisclosed liabilities.  On the other hand, 
conveyance of the partnership would be a time and money saver if it was 
clean.  What is your inclination?
Call as soon as you have a chance to review.
Mike Grigsby
Let's talk to Matt about the forecast sheets for Socal and PG&E.  He needs to 
work on the TW sheet as well.   Also, I would like him to create a sheet on 
pipeline expansions and their rates and then tie in the daily curves for the 
desk to use.
Mike
Lucy,
Here is the rentroll.
My only questions are about #18, #25, and #37 missed rent.  Any special 
reasons?
It looks like there are five vacancies #2,12,20a,35,40.  If you want to run 
an ad in the paper with a $50 discount that is fine.
I will write you a letter of recommendation.  When do you need it?  You can 
use me as a reference.  In the next two weeks we should really have a good 
idea whether the sale is going through.
I also need to know the base salaries of Jay Reitmeyer and Monique Sanchez.  
Please respond to aod@newsdata.com
FYI Western Price Survey Contacts
Cal-ISO's declaration of Stage Two alert this morning was triggered
in part by decision of Bonneville Power Administration to cease
hour-to-hour sales into California of between 600 MW and 1,000
MW that it had been making for the past week. According to BPA,
it had excess energy to sell as a result of running water to meet
biological opinion flow standards, but it has stopped doing so in
order to allow reservoirs to fill from runoff. The agency said it had
been telling California's Department of Water Resources that the
sales could cease at any time, and this morning they ended.
Cal-ISO reported about 1,600 MW less imports today than
yesterday, so it appears other sellers have also cut back.
Yesterday, PowerEx said it was not selling into California because
of concerns about its water reserves. BPA said it is still sending
exchange energy into California, however.
More details, if available, will be included in the Friday edition of the
Western Price Survey and in California Energy Markets newsletter.
Thanks for the information.  It would be helpful if you would send the 
detailed worksheet that you mentioned.
I am surprised to hear that the only restricted shares left are the ones 
granted this January.  I have always elected to defer any distributions of 
restricted stock.  I believe I selected the minimum amount required to be 
kept in enron stock (50%).   Are you saying that all the previous grants have 
fully vested and been distributed to my deferral account?
Thank you for looking into this issue.
Greg,
ranger stuff.  Kelsey really likes art.  Books would also be good.  
are planning to come to San Marcos for New Years.  
latest happenings with you in the big city.
We linked the file you sent us to telerate and we replace >40000 equals $250 
guess this gives us a picture of a low load year and a normal load year.  
Prices seem low.  Looks like November NP15 is trading above the cap based on 
Nov 99 loads and current gas prices.  What about a forecast for this November 
loads.
Let me know what you think.
Phillip
items to date)
Lucy,
Somehow my email account lost the rentroll you sent me on Tuesday.  Please 
resend it and I will roll it for this week this morning.
Please respond to <cbpres@austin.rr.com>
Telephone (512) 338-1119? Fax(512)338-1103
E-Mail? cbpres@austin.rr.com
March 13, 2001? 
Phillip Allen
Keith Holst
ENRON
Houston, TX? 77002-7361
Dear Phillip and Keith: 
We are prepared to sell Bishops Corner, Ltd. for reimbursement of our cash 
expenditures; compensation for our management services and your assumption of 
all note obligations and design contracts.? 
As shown on the attached summary table, cash expenditures total $21,196 and 
existing contracts to the architect, civil engineer, soils testing company, 
and appraisal total $67,050.? The due on these contracts is $61,175, of which 
current unpaid invoices due total $37,325.
Acting in good faith, we have invested an enormous amount of time into this 
project for more than five months and have completed most of the major design 
and other pre-construction elements.? As it is a major project for a firm of 
our size, it was given top priority with other projects being delayed or 
rejected, and we are now left with no project to pursue.? 
Two methods for valuing this development management are 1) based on a 
percentage of the minimum $1.4MM fee we were to have earned and 2) based on 
your prior valuation of our time.? For the first, we feel that at least 25%, 
or $350,000, of the minimum $1.4MM fee has been earned to date.? For the 
second, in your prior correspondence you valued our time at $500,000 per 
year, which would mean this period was worth $208,333.? Either of these 
valuations seem quite fair and reasonable, especially as neither includes the 
forfeit of our 40% interest in the project worth $0.8--$1.2MM. ?However, in 
the hope that we can maintain a good relationship with the prospect of future 
projects, we are willing to accept only a small monthly fee of $15,000 per 
month to cover a portion of our direct time and overhead.? As shown in the 
attached table, this fee, plus cash outlays and less accrued interest brings 
the total net buyout to $78,946.? 
We still believe that this project needs the professional services that we 
offer and have provided.? However, if you accept the terms of this buyout 
offer, which we truly feel is quite fair and reasonable, then, we are 
prepared to be bought out and leave this extraordinary project to you both.? 
If this is your 
choice, either contact us, or have your attorney contact our attorney, 
Claudia Crocker, no later than Friday of this week.? The attorneys can then 
draft whatever minimal documents are necessary for the transfer of the 
Bishops Corner, Ltd. Partnership to you following receipt of the buyout 
amount and assumption of the outstanding professional design contracts.
Thank you.
Sincerely,
George W. Richards 
President
P.S.????? Copies of contracts will be forwarded upon acceptance of buyout.
Here is the buyout spreadsheet again with a slight tweak in the format.  The 
summary  presents the numbers as only $1400 in concessions.
Gentlemen,
date.  I spoke to Hugo Alexandro at Cuatro Consultants.  The property is 
still in two parcels.  Hugo has completed a platt to combine into one  lot 
and is ready to submit it to the city of San Marcos.  He has also completed a 
coordinate with the city on the replatting and a couple of easements on the 
smaller parcel, as well as, beginning the work on the grading.  Hugo is going 
complete.  The total cost of his services are estimated at $38,000 of which 
We are trying to resolve the issues of outstanding work and bills incurred by 
the original developer so we can obtain the title to the land.  If we can 
continue to use Cuatro then it would be one less point of contention.  Hugo's 
number is 512-295-8052.  I thought you might want to contact him directly and 
ask him some questions.  I spoke to him about the possibility of your call 
and he was fine with that.  
Now we are going to try and determine if any of the work performed by Kipp 
Flores can be used.
Keith and I appreciate you meeting with us on Sunday.  We left very 
optimistic about the prospect of working with you on this project.
Call me with feedback after you speak to Hugo or with any other ideas about 
moving this project forward.
Here is the buyout spreadsheet again with a slight tweak in the format.  The 
summary  presents the numbers as only $1400 in concessions.
Jacques,
George finally sent me some information.  Please look over his email.  He 
wants us to buy him out.  Keith and I think this is a joke.  
We still need to speak to his engineer and find out about his soil study to 
determine if it has any value going forward.  I don't believe the architect 
work will be of any use to us.  I don't think they deserve any compensation 
for their time due to the fact that intentional or not the project they were 
proposing was unsupportable by the market.  
My version of a buyout is attached.
I need your expert advise.  I am ready to offer my version or threaten to 
foreclose.  Do they have a case that they are due money for their time?  
Since their cost
and fees didn't hold up versus the market and we didn't execute a contract, I 
wouldn't think they would stand a chance.  There isn't any time to waste so I 
want to respond to their offer asap.
Call me with your thoughts.
Phillip
Please respond to <cbpres@austin.rr.com>
Telephone (512) 338-1119? Fax(512)338-1103
E-Mail? cbpres@austin.rr.com
March 13, 2001? 
Phillip Allen
Keith Holst
ENRON
Houston, TX? 77002-7361
Dear Phillip and Keith: 
We are prepared to sell Bishops Corner, Ltd. for reimbursement of our cash 
expenditures; compensation for our management services and your assumption of 
all note obligations and design contracts.? 
As shown on the attached summary table, cash expenditures total $21,196 and 
existing contracts to the architect, civil engineer, soils testing company, 
and appraisal total $67,050.? The due on these contracts is $61,175, of which 
current unpaid invoices due total $37,325.
Acting in good faith, we have invested an enormous amount of time into this 
project for more than five months and have completed most of the major design 
and other pre-construction elements.? As it is a major project for a firm of 
our size, it was given top priority with other projects being delayed or 
rejected, and we are now left with no project to pursue.? 
Two methods for valuing this development management are 1) based on a 
percentage of the minimum $1.4MM fee we were to have earned and 2) based on 
your prior valuation of our time.? For the first, we feel that at least 25%, 
or $350,000, of the minimum $1.4MM fee has been earned to date.? For the 
second, in your prior correspondence you valued our time at $500,000 per 
year, which would mean this period was worth $208,333.? Either of these 
valuations seem quite fair and reasonable, especially as neither includes the 
forfeit of our 40% interest in the project worth $0.8--$1.2MM. ?However, in 
the hope that we can maintain a good relationship with the prospect of future 
projects, we are willing to accept only a small monthly fee of $15,000 per 
month to cover a portion of our direct time and overhead.? As shown in the 
attached table, this fee, plus cash outlays and less accrued interest brings 
the total net buyout to $78,946.? 
We still believe that this project needs the professional services that we 
offer and have provided.? However, if you accept the terms of this buyout 
offer, which we truly feel is quite fair and reasonable, then, we are 
prepared to be bought out and leave this extraordinary project to you both.? 
If this is your 
choice, either contact us, or have your attorney contact our attorney, 
Claudia Crocker, no later than Friday of this week.? The attorneys can then 
draft whatever minimal documents are necessary for the transfer of the 
Bishops Corner, Ltd. Partnership to you following receipt of the buyout 
amount and assumption of the outstanding professional design contracts.
Thank you.
Sincerely,
George W. Richards 
President
P.S.????? Copies of contracts will be forwarded upon acceptance of buyout.
Notice Regarding Entry of Orders and Instructions: Please
transmitted by e-mail will not be accepted by PaineWebber and
PaineWebber will not be responsible for carrying out such orders
PaineWebber reserves the right to monitor and review the content of 
George,
I didn't receive the information on work completed or started.  Please send 
it this morning.  
We haven't discussed how to proceed with the land.  The easiest treatment 
would be just to deed it to us.  However, it might be more
advantageous to convey the partnership.
Also, I would like to speak to Hugo today.  I didn't find a Quattro 
Engineering in Buda.  Can you put me in contact with him.
Talk to you later.
We linked the file you sent us to telerate and we replace >40000 equals $250 
guess this gives us a picture of a low load year and a normal load year.  
Prices seem low.  Looks like November NP15 is trading above the cap based on 
Nov 99 loads and current gas prices.  What about a forecast for this November 
loads.
Let me know what you think.
Mike Grigsby
Let's have Matt start on the following:
Database for hourly storage activity on Socal.  Begin forecasting hourly and 
daily activity by backing out receipts, using ISO load actuals and backing 
out real time imports to get in state gen numbers for gas consumption, and 
then using temps to estimate core gas load.  Back testing once he gets 
database created should help him forecast core demand.
Update Socal and PG&E forecast sheets.  Also, break out new gen by EPNG and 
TW pipelines.
Mike
Lucy, 
Here is a rentroll for this week.  
What is the outstanding balance on #1.  It looks like 190 + 110(this week)= 
clearly.
Have a good weekend.  I will talk to you next week.
In about two weeks we should know for sure if these buyers are going to buy 
the property.  I will keep you informed.
Please approve Mike Grigsby for Bloomberg.  
Thank You,
Andrew M Ozuna
George,
Thank you for the opportunity to review your financing request for the 
Sagewood
Phase II project.  Upon receipt of all the requested information regarding the
project, we completed somewhat of a due diligence on the market.  There are a
number of concerns which need to be addressed prior to the Bank moving forward
on the transaction.  First, the pro-forma rental rates, when compared on a
Bedroom to Bedroom basis, are high relative to the market.   We adjusted
pro-forma downward to match the market rates and the rates per bedroom we are
acheiving on the existing Sagewood project.  Additionally, there are about 
units coming on-line within the next 12 months in the City of San Marcos, 
this,
we believe will causes some downward rent pressures which can have a serious
effect on an over leveraged project.  We have therefore adjusted the requested
loan amount to $8,868,000.
I have summarized our issues as follows:
turn over.
debt in the amount of $8,868,000, and maintain our loan parameters of 1.25x 
debt
coverage ratio, on a 25 year amo., and 8.60% phantom interest rate.
equity of $2,956,000, consisting of the following:
of
actual hard construction costs.
Darrell,
excessively high cost estimates.  As he did not have the funds to take on the 
land himself, he was agreeable to turning over the land to me.  I would like 
also like to compare construction and development services between what you 
can do and a local builder in San Marcos that I have been speaking with.  
Making a trip to meet you and take a look at some of your projects seems to 
be in order.  I am trying to get the status of engineering and architectural 
work to date.  Once again the architect is Kipp Florres and the engineer is 
Quattro Consultants out of Buda.  Let me know if you have an opinion about 
either.
I look forward to working with you.  Talk to you tomorrow.
TIM HEIZENRADER
Phillip:
Here's a summary of our current forecast(s) for PNW hydro. Please give me a 
Tim
Reagan,
Here is the cost estimate and proforma prepared by George and Larry.  I am 
faxing the site plan, elevation, and floor plans.
Daryl,
Here is the file that includes the proforma, unit costs, and comps.  This 
The architect that has begun to work on the project is Kipp Flores.  They are 
in Austin.
Thank you for your time this evening.  Your comments were very helpful.  I 
appreciate you and Greg taking a look at this project.
Phillip Allen
pallen@enron.com
Dexter,
you.  Did you receive an email with a login and password yesterday?
If not, call me and I will find out why not.
Phillip
Al,
I was not going to do the MS this year.  Thanks for the offer though.
All is well here.  We went to Colorado last week and the kids learned to 
ski.  Work is same as always.
How are things going at New Power?  Is there any potential?
George,
I am back in the office and ready to focus on the project.  I still have
the concerns that I had last week.  Specifically that the costs of our
project are too high.  I have gathered more information that support my
concerns.  Based on my research, I believe the project should cost around
Since Reagan's last 12 units are selling for around $190,000, I am unable
Also, the comps used in the appraisal from Austin appear to be class A
properties.  It seems unlikely that student housing in San Marcos can
produce the same rent or sales price.  There should adjustments for
location and the seasonal nature of student rental property.  I recognize
that are closer to the appraisal and your pro formas, however, we do not
believe that the market will sustain these levels on a permanent basis.
Supply will inevitablely increase to drive this market more in balance.
After the real estate expert from Houston reviewed the proforma and cost
estimates, his comments were that the appraisal is overly optimistic.  He
feels that the permanent financing would potentially be around $9.8
million.  We would not even be able to cover the interim financing.
Keith and I have reviewed the project thoroughly and are in agreement that
we cannot proceed with total cost estimates significantly above $10.5
million.   We would like to have a conference call Tuesday afternoon to 
discuss
alternatives.
Phillip
George,
I am back in the office and ready to focus on the project.  I still have the 
concerns that I had last week.  Specifically that the costs of our project 
are too high.  I have gathered more information that support my concerns.  
Based on my research, I believe the project should cost around $10.5 
million.  The components are as follows:
Since Reagan's last 12 units are selling for around $190,000, I am unable to 
Also, the comps used in the appraisal from Austin appear to be class A 
properties.  It seems unlikely that student housing in San Marcos can produce 
the same rent or sales price.  There should adjustments for location and the 
seasonal nature of student rental property.  I recognize that Sagewood is 
the appraisal and your pro formas, however, we do not believe that the market 
will sustain these levels on a permanent basis.  Supply will inevitablely 
increase to drive this market more in balance.
After the real estate expert from Houston reviewed the proforma and cost 
estimates, his comments were that the appraisal is overly optimistic.  He 
feels that the permanent financing would potentially be around $9.8 million.  
We would not even be able to cover the interim financing.
Keith and I have reviewed the project thoroughly and are in agreement that we 
cannot proceed with total cost estimates significantly above $10.5 million.   
We would like to have a conference call tomorrow to discuss alternatives.
Phillip 
I have not received the aircard 300 yet.
Don,
I was out last week.  Regarding the Montana supply, you can refer them to 
Mark Whitt in Denver.  
Let me know when you want to have the other meeting.
Also, we frequently give out quotes to mid-marketers on Fred LaGrasta's desk 
or Enron marketers in New York where the customer is EES.  I don't understand 
why your people don't contact the desk directly.
Sorry, the deadline will have passed. Only Enron's deals through yesterday 
will
be included in our survey.
We will send it out this evening after we Calc our books.  Probably around
Anne
Anne,
Are you planning to send today's bidweek deals soon? I just need to know
whether
Thanks,
Liane Kucher
Please find attached the pro formas for the project in San Marcos.
Thanks again.
Lucy,
not on any rentroll that I can see.
will start paying on #9
collect the $95 in question.
Has she ever paid rent?  I can't find any on the last three deposits.
the year.
The last three questions add up to over $1200 in missing rent.  I need you to 
figure these out immediately.
in case you need to research these questions.
I will not be in the office next week.  If I can get connected you might be 
able to email me at pallen70@hotmail.com.  Otherwise try and work with Gary 
on pressing issues.  If there is an emergency you can call me at 713-410-4679.
George,
investor in addition to Keith that has interest.  Some additional background 
information on Larry and yourself would be helpful.
Creekside.
description, investors, business entity, 
recent projects.
investors. 
tackle these issues now.  These questions are not intended to be offensive in 
any way.  It is my desire to build a successful project with Creekside that 
leads to future opportunities.  I  am happy to provide you with any 
information that you need to evaluate myself or Keith as a business partner.
Sincerely,
Phillip Allen
George,
I can take a day off the week I get back from vacation.  Any day between 
March 5th-9th would work but Friday or Thursday would be my preference.
Regarding the differences in the two estimates, I don't want to waste your 
time explaining the differences if the 1st forecast was very rough.  The 
items I listed moved dramatically.  Also, some of the questions were just 
clarification of what was in a number.  
Let's try and reach an agreement on the construction manager issue tomorrow 
morning.  
George, 
The numbers on your fax don't agree to the first estimate that I am using.  
Here are the two files I used.
Phillip -
George Richards asked that I drop you a line this morning to go over some
details on the San Marcos project.
Keith?  I want to make sure my credit write-up includes all the principals in
the transaction.
will
be in the range of 75% - 80%.  The proposed Loan to Value of 75% is within the
acceptable range for a typical Multi-Family deal.  Given the above pro-forma
performance on the Sagewood Townhomes, I am structuring the deal to my credit
officer as an 80% LTC.  This, of course, is subject to the credit officer
signing off on the deal.
deferred profit.  Typically, on past deals a 10% of total project budget as
deferred profit has been acceptable.
Thanks,
Andrew Ozuna
Real Estate Loan Officer
You can fax it anytime.  But I saved the spreadsheets from the previous 
Attached is a CERA presentation regarding recession impact.  Feel free to 
call in any listen to pre-recorded discussion on slides.  (approx. 20mins)  
CERA is forecasting some recession impact on Ca., but not enough to alleviate 
problem.
Frank
Call in number 1-888-203-1112
Passcode: 647083#
Please respond to <cbpres@austin.rr.com>
There have been some updates to the cost.  The principal change is in the
addition of masonry on the front of the buildings, which I estimate will
costs at least $84,000 additional.  Also, the trim material and labor costs
have been increased.  I still believe that the total cost is more than
sufficient, but there will be additional updates.
The manager's unit is columns J-L, but the total is not included in the B&N
office is included as a lump sum under amenities.  I may add this back in as
a rentable unit and delete is as an amenity.
The financing cost has been changed in that the cost of the permanent
mortgage has been deleted because we will not need to obtain this for the
construction loan approval, therefore, its cost will be absorbed when this
loan is obtained.
Based on either a loan equal to 75% of value or 80% of cost, the
construction profit should cover any equity required beyond the land.
George W. Richards
Creekside Builders, LLC
Please respond to <cbpres@austin.rr.com>
Phillip and Keith, this cold of mine is getting the better of me.  Would it
be possible to reschedule our meeting for tomorrow?  If so, please reply to
this e-mail with a time.  I am open all day, but just need to get some rest
this afternoon.
George W. Richards
Creekside Builders, LLC
Phillip,
I spoke with AMF's broker today, and they will be satisfied with the deal if
we can get the school to agree to limit the current land use restrictions to
the terms that are in the existing agreement.  They do not want the school
with a school official on Monday to see what their thoughts are about the
wants something in writing to that effect.  I spoke to AMF's attorney today,
and explained the situation.  They are OK with deal if AMF is satisfied.
AMF's broker said that they will be ready to submit their site plan after
the March 29 hearing.  We may close this deal in April.
The Stage is still on go.  An assumption package has been sent to the buyer,
and I have overnighted a copy of the contract and a description of the
details to Wayne McCoy.
I will be gone Thurs. and Fri. of this week.  I will be checking my
messages.
Jeff Smith
The Smith Company
Austin, Texas? 78746
Bob,
Gay was on a personal leave.  She displayed a tremendous amount of commitment 
If long hours were not enough, there was a pipeline explosion during this 
time which put extra volatility into the market and extra pressure on Patti.  
She didn't crack and provided much needed info during this time.
specialist.  Based on her heroic efforts, she deserves a PBR.  Let me know 
what is an acceptable cash amount.
As a reminder, the daily call on California has ended.  
We will now have a single weekly call on Monday at 10:30 am Houston time.  
Updates will be provided through e-mail as required.
Jim Steffes
Please respond to <cbpres@austin.rr.com>
There have been some updates to the cost.  The principal change is in the
addition of masonry on the front of the buildings, which I estimate will
costs at least $84,000 additional.  Also, the trim material and labor costs
have been increased.  I still believe that the total cost is more than
sufficient, but there will be additional updates.
The manager's unit is columns J-L, but the total is not included in the B&N
office is included as a lump sum under amenities.  I may add this back in as
a rentable unit and delete is as an amenity.
The financing cost has been changed in that the cost of the permanent
mortgage has been deleted because we will not need to obtain this for the
construction loan approval, therefore, its cost will be absorbed when this
loan is obtained.
Based on either a loan equal to 75% of value or 80% of cost, the
construction profit should cover any equity required beyond the land.
George W. Richards
Creekside Builders, LLC
John,
Does next Thursday at 3pm fit your schedule to go over the rockies 
forecasts?  I will set up a room with Kim.
Here are some suggestions for projects for Colleen:
TAGG, Unify, Sitara and other systems are not clearly understood by all the 
TAGG but the issues facing 
policy, existing deals could use a review and the booking of new deals need 
further      scrutiny.
imbalances, transport fuel, park and loan transactions?
courses, review progress and make cuts.
everything we should?  Putting a person with a trading mentality should add 
In fact there is so much work she could do that you probably need a second MD 
Phillip
The spinning bikes are so much better than the life cycles.  Would you 
consider placing several spinning bikes out with the other exercise equipment 
and running a spinning video on the TV's.  I think the equipment would be 
used much more.  Members could just jump on a bike and follow the video any 
time of day.
Let me know if this is possible.
Phillip Allen
That would we very helpful.  
Thanks,
Lucy,
questions:
owes $47 on his deposit.
bad reaction.
Lucy,
questions:
owes $47 on his deposit.
bad reaction.
Jaques,
After meeting with George and Larry, it was clear that we have different 
definitions of cost and profit.  Their version includes the salary of a 
superintendent and a junior superintendent as hard costs equivalent to third 
party subs and materials.  Then there is a layer of "construction management" 
fees of 10%.  There are some small incidental cost that they listed would be 
paid out of this money.  But I think the majority of it is profit.  Finally 
the builders profit of 1.4 million.
Keith and I were not sure whether we would be open to paying the supers out 
of the cost or having them be paid out of the builders profit.  After all, if 
they are the builders why does there need to be two additional supervisors?  
We were definitely not intending to insert an additional 10% fee in addition 
in the cost estimates that we have been using.  I reviewed the estimates and 
the superintendents are listed but I don't think the construction management 
fee is included.
George gave me some contracts that show how these fees are standard.  I will 
review and let you know what I think.
The GP issues don't seem to be a point of contention.  They are agreeable to 
the 3 out 4 approval process.
Let me know if you have opinions or sources that I can use to push for  only 
true costs + 1.4 million.
Phillip
George,
Please send the latest cost estimates when you get a chance this morning.
Andy,
Thank you,
Jeanie,
Lavorato called me into his office to question me about my inquiries into 
part time.  Nice confidentiality.  Since I have already gotten the grief, it 
would be nice to get some useful information.  What did you find out about 
part time, leave of absences, and sabbaticals?  My interest is for 2002.
Please respond to <cbpres@austin.rr.com>
Enclosed is a copy of one of the draws submitted to Bank One for a prior
job.
George W. Richards
Creekside Builders, LLC
Here is what you need to bring.
Updated rent roll
Inventory of all personal property including window units.
Copies of all leases ( we can make these available at the office)
A copy of the note and deed of trust
Any service, maintenance and management agreements
Any environmental studies?
I would like to have a copy of the appraisal.  See you Monday at 2.
Andrew,
Here is an asset statement.  I will mail my 98 & 99 Tax returns plus a 2000 
W2.  Is this sufficient?
Phillip Allen
Lee,
Can you provide me with a copy of the original loan and a copy of the 
original appraisal.  
My fax number is 713-646-2391
Mailing address: 8855 Merlin Ct, Houston, TX 77055
Thank you,
Jeff,
Here is the application from SPB.  I guess they want to use the same form as 
a new loan application.  I have a call in to Lee O'Donnell to try to find out 
if there is a shorter form.  What do I need to be providing to the buyer 
according to the contract.  I was planning on bringing a copy of the survey 
and a rentroll including deposits on Monday.  Please let me know this morning 
what else I should be putting together.
Phillip
I was told that you were faxed the loan application.  I will send attachment
for a backup.  Also, you will need to provide a current rent roll and 1999 &
Call me if you need some help.
Thanks
Lee O'Donnell
From: Phillip.K.Allen@enron.com [mailto:Phillip.K.Allen@enron.com]
Sent: Thursday, February 15, 2001 11:34 AM
Lee,
My fax number is 713-646-2391.  Please fax me a loan application that I can
pass on to the buyer.
Phillip Allen
pallen@enron.com
Forward Reg Dickson's resume to Ted Bland for consideration for the trading 
track program.  He is overqualified and I'm sure too expensive to fill the 
scheduling position I have available.  I will work with Cournie Parker to 
evaluate the other resumes.
Lucy,
questions:
owes $47 on his deposit.
bad reaction.
Lee,
My fax number is 713-646-2391.  Please fax me a loan application that I can 
pass on to the buyer.
Phillip Allen
pallen@enron.com
Andy,
west desk.  Are there any operational besides ICE and Dynegy?  If not, can 
you have your assistant call me with id's and passwords.
Thank you,
Lucy,
earlier response answered the questions for #3,11,15,20a, and 35.
But the deposit was $495 more than the rentroll adds up to.  If the answer to 
this question lies in apartment 1,13, and 14, can you update this file and 
send it back.
Now I am going to work on a rentroll for this Friday.  I will probably send 
Robert Neustaedter@ENRON_DEVELOPMENT
As discussed in the California conference call this morning, I have prepared 
a bullet-point summary of the CERA Special Report titled Beyond the 
California Power Crisis: Impact, Solutions, and Lessons.If you have any 
questions, my phone number is 713 853-3170.
Robert
Colleen,
I checked the transport model and found the following extrinsic values on 
January 2nd versus February 11:
Stanfield to Malin 209  81
Sj to Socal  2747  768
SJ to Valero  916  927
If these numbers are correct, then we haven't increased the extrinsic value 
since the beginning of the year.  Can you confirm that I am looking at the 
right numbers?
Phillip these are the volumes that AEC is considering selling at Opal over 
the next five years.  The structure they are looking for is a firm physical 
sale at a NYMEX related price.  There is a very good chance that they will do 
this all with one party.  We are definitely being considered as that party.  
Given what we have seen in the marketplace they may be one of the few 
producers willing to sell long dated physical gas for size into Kern River.
What would be your bid for this gas?
This should probably be researched further.  If they can really build this 
many plants it could have a huge impact on the Cal border basis.  Obviously 
it is dependent on what capacity is added on Kern, PGT and TW but it is hard 
subscribed it will take 18 months to 2 years to build new pipe therefore the 
Mark
If you wish to run sensitivities to heat rate and daily dispatch,  I have 
attached the spreadsheet below.
Tyrell
Lucy,
Here is a draft of a memo we should distribute to the units that are subject 
It is very important that we tell new tenants what the utility cap for there 
unit is when they move in.  This needs to be written in on their lease.
When you have to talk to a tenant complaining about the overages emphasize 
that it is only during the peak months and it is already warming up.  
Have my Dad read the memo before you put it out.   You guys can make changes 
if you need to.
Next week we need to take inventory of all air conditioners and 
refrigerators.  We have to get this done next week.  I will email you a form 
information plus we need it for our records.  Something to look forward to.
It is 2 PM and I have to leave the office.  Please have my Dad call me with 
the information about the units at home 713-463-8626.  He will know what I 
mean.
Talk to you later,
I am sending the Dr. a contract for Monday delivery.  He is offering
He wants us to finish the work on the units that are being renovated now.
We need to specify those units in the contract.  We also need to specify the
units that have not been remodeled.  I think he will be a good buyer.  He is
a local with plenty of cash.  Call me after you get this message.
Jeff Smith
The Smith Company
Austin, Texas? 78746
Please respond to <cbpres@austin.rr.com>
STRUCTURE:
Typically the structure is a limited partnership with a corporate (or LLC)
general partner.  The General Partner owns 1% of the project and carries the
liability of construction.
LAND OWNERSHIP & LOANS
The property would be purchased in the name of the limited partnership and
any land loans, land improvements loans and construction loans would be in
the name of the limited partnership.  Each of the individual investors and
all of the principals in Creekside would also personally guarantee the
loans.  If the investor(s) do not sign on the loans, this generally means
that a larger amount of cash is required and the investor's share of profits
is reduced.
All loans for residential construction, that are intended for re-sale, are
full recourse loans.  If we are pursuing multifamily rental developments,
the construction loans are still full recourse but the mortgage can often be
non-recourse.
USE OF INITIAL INVESTMENT
The initial investment is used for land deposit, engineering &
architectural design, soils tests, surveys, filing fees, legal fees for
organization and condominium association formation,  and appraisals.  Unlike
many real estate investment programs, none of the funds are used for fees to
Creekside Builders, LLC.  These professional expenses will be incurred over
the estimated 6 month design and approval period.
EARLY LAND COSTS
The $4,000 per month costs listed in the cash flow as part of land cost
represent the extension fees due to the seller for up to 4 months of
extensions on closing.  As an alternative, we can close into a land loan at
probably 70% of appraised value.  With a land value equal to the purchase
price of $680,000 this would mean a land loan of $476,000 with estimated
monthly interest payments of $3,966, given a 10% annual interest rate, plus
approximately 1.25% of the loan amount for closing costs and loan fees.
EQUITY AT IMPROVEMENT LOAN
Once the site plan is approved by the City of Austin, the City will require
the development entity to post funds for fiscal improvements, referred to as
the "fiscals".  This cost represents a bond for the completion of
improvements that COA considers vital and these funds are released once the
improvements have been completed and accepted by COA.  This release will be
for 90% of the cost with the remaining 10% released one year after
completion.  Releases can be granted once every 90 days and you should
expect that the release would occur 6 months after the start of lot
improvement construction.  These fiscals are usually posted in cash or an
irrevocable letter of credit.  As such, they have to be counted as a
development cost, even though they are not spent.  Because they are not
spent no interest is charged on these funds.
The lot improvement loan is typically 75% of the appraised value of a
finished lot, which I suspect will be at least $20,000 and potentially as
high as $25,000.  This would produce a loan amount of  $15,000 on $20,000
per lot.  With estimated per lot improvement costs of $9,000, 'fiscals' at
which means $0 to $4,000 per lot in total equity.  The investment prior to
obtaining the improvement loan would count towards any equity requirement
provided it was for direct costs.  Thus, the additional equity for the
improvement loan would be $0-$184,000.   Even if the maximum loan would
cover all costs, it is unlikely the bank would allow reimbursement of funds
spent. The higher estimates of equity investments are shown in the
preliminary proforma to be on the safe side.  The engineer is preparing a
tentative site layout with an initial evaluation of the phasing, which can
significantly reduce the cash equity requirement.
Phasing works as follows.  If the first phase was say 40 units, the total
lot improvement cost might average $31,000 per lot.   Of this, probably
improvements are higher to cover large one time up front costs for design
costs, the entry road, water treatment costs, perimeter fencing and
landscaping, and so on, as well as for 100% of the land.  The land loan for
undeveloped lots would be 70% of the appraised raw lot value, which I would
estimate as $10,000 per lot for a loan value of $7,000 per lot.  Then the
loan value for each improved lot would be $15,000 per lot.  This would give
you a total loan of $992,000, total cost of $1,232,645 for equity required
of $241,000.  This was not presented in the initial analysis as the phasing
is depended on a more careful assessment by the Civil Engineer as the
separate phases must each be able to stand on its own from a utility
standpoint.
CONSTRUCTION LOANS
There are three types of  construction loans.  First, is a speculative
a construction loan for a pre-sold unit, but the loan remains in the
loan in the name of the buyer.  We expect to have up to 8 spec loans to
start the project and expect all other loans to be pre-sold units with loans
construction loans in the name of the buyers, as such loans are too
difficult to manage and please new buyers unfamiliar with the process.
Spec loans will be for 70% to 75% of value and construction loans for
pre-sold units, if the construction loan is from the mortgage lender,  will
be from 80% to 95% of value.
DISBURSEMENTS
Disbursements will be handled by the General Partner to cover current and
near term third party costs, then to necessary reserves, then to priority
payments and then to the partners per the agreement.  The General Partner
will contract with Creekside Builders, LLC to construct the units and the
fee to CB will include a construction management and overhead fee equal to
These fees are the only monies to Creekside, Larry Lewter or myself prior to
calculation of profit, except for a) direct reimbursement for partnership
expenses and b) direct payment to CB for any subcontractor costs that it has
cannot find enough trim carpenters, etc., and it decides to undertake this
function, it will charge the partnership the same fee it was able to obtain
from third parties and will disclose those cases to the partnership.
Finally, CB will receive a fee for the use of any of its equipment if it is
used in lieu of leasing equipment from others.  At present CB does not own
any significant equipment, but it is considering the purchase of a sky track
REPORTING
We are more than willing to provide reports to track expenses vs. plan.
What did you have in mind?  I would like to use some form of internet based
reporting.
BOOKKEEPING
I am not sure what you are referring to by the question, "Bookkeeping
procedures to record actual expenses?"  Please expand.
INVESTOR INPUT
We are glad to have the investor's input on design and materials.  As always
the question will be who has final say if there is disagreement, but in my
experience I have always been able to reach consensus. As you, and I presume
Keith, want to be involved to learn as much as possible we would make every
effort to be accommodating.
CREEKSIDE PROCEEDURES
CB procedures for dealing with subs, vendors and professionals is not as
formal as your question indicates.  In the EXTREMELY tight labor market
obtaining 3 bids for each labor trade is not feasible.  For the professional
subs we use those with whom we have developed a previous rapport.  Finally,
for vendors they are constantly shopped.
PRE-SELECTED PROFESSIONALS, SUBS AND VENDORS
Yes there are many different subs that have been identified and I can
provide these if you are interested.
I know I have not answered everything, but this is a starting point.  Call
when you have reviewed and we can discuss further.
Sincerely,
George Richards
President, Creekside Builders, LLC
Lucy,
Here is the rentroll for this Friday.  Sorry it is so late.
is showing, but the rentroll only adds up to 4865.   The missing money on the 
spreadsheet is probably the answer to my other questions below.
You may have sent me a message over the "chat" line that I don't remember on 
some of these.  I just want to get the final rentroll to tie exactly to the 
bank deposit.
Will have some time today to work on a utility letter.  Tried to call Wade 
last night at 5:30 but couldn't reach him.  Will try again today.
I believe that a doctor from Seguin is going to make an offer.  Did you meet 
them?  If so, what did you think?
I will email you an updated operating statement with Nov and Dec tomorrow 
morning.  What did the seguin doctor think of the place.  
How much could I get the stagecoach appraised for?  Do you still do 
Jacques,
Can you draft the partnership agreement and the construction contract?  
The key business points are:
With regard to the construction contract, we are concerned about getting a 
solid line by line cost estimate and clearly defining what constitutes 
costs.  Then we need a mechanism to track the actual expenses.  Keith and I 
would like to oversee the bookkeeping.  The builders would be requred to fax 
all invoices within 48 hours.  We also would want online access to the 
checking account of the partnership so we could see if checks were clearing 
but invoices were not being submitted.
Let me know if you can draft these agreements.  The GP issue may need some 
tweaking.  
Phillip Allen
pallen@enron.com
Susan J Mara@ENRON
Here is a link to the governor's press release.  He is billing it as 5,000 MW 
of contracts, but then he says that there is only 500 available immediately.  
WIth the remainder available from 3 to 10 years.
ontracts.html&sTitle=GOVERNOR+DAVIS+ANNOUNCES+LONG+TERM+POWER+SUPPLY&iOID=1325
Below are some articles relating to aluminum, power and gas prices.  Thought 
it would be of interest.
Frank
Rohan Ziegelaar
Send it to Ina Rangel she can forward it to appropriate traders.  There are 
Jeff,
My target is to get $225 back out of the stage.  Therefore, I could take a 
sales price of $740K and carry a second note of $210K.  This would still only 
require $75K cash from the buyer.  After broker fees and a title policy, I 
would net around $20K cash.  
You can go ahead and negotiate with the buyer and strike the deal at $740 or 
higher with the terms described in the 1st email.  Do you want to give the 
New Braunfels buyer a quick look at the deal.
Jeff,
I am not willing to guarantee to refinance the 1st lien on the stage in 4 
years and drop the rate on both notes at that point to 8%.  There are several 
reasons that I won't commit to this.  Exposure to interest fluctuations, the 
large cash reserves needed, and the limited financial resources of the buyer 
are the three biggest concerns.  
What I am willing to do is lower the second note to 8% amortized over the 
buyers choice of terms up to 30 years.  The existing note does not come due 
until September 2009.  That is a long time.  The buyer may have sold the 
property.  Interest rates may be lower.  I am bending over backwards to make 
the deal work with such an attractive second note.  Guaranteeing to refinance 
is pushing too far.
Can you clarify the dates in the contract.  Is the effective date the day the 
earnest money is receipted or is it once the feasibility study is complete?
Hopefully the buyer can live with these terms.  I got your fax from the New 
Braunfels buyer.  If we can't come to terms with the first buyer I will get 
started on the list.
Email or call  me later today.
Phillip
Susan,
Raised your issue to Sally Beck.  Larry is going to spend time with you to 
see if he can live without any reports.  Also some IT help should be on the 
way.
Jeffrey C Gossett
When we meet,  I would like to address the following issues:
several people who have not left before 10:30 this week. 
floor until after 5:00 p.m.
benchmark part of her book often times by 6:00,  but that what keeps her here 
late is usually running numerous extra models and spreadsheets.  (One 
suggestion might be a permanent IT person on this book.)  (This was also my 
understanding from Kyle Etter,  who has left the company.)
I would like to get this resolved as soon as possible so that Larry can get 
the information that he needs to be effective and so that we can run books 
like this and not lose good people.
Thanks
Larry May@ENRON
As you might be aware,  Susan Scott (the book admin for the pipe option book) 
was forced by system problems to stay all night Wednesday night and until 200 
am Friday  in order to calc my book.  While she is scheduled to rotate to the 
West desk soon,  I think we need to discuss putting two persons on my book in 
order to bring the work load to a sustainable level.  I'd like to meet at 
fits in your schedules.
Thanks,
Larry
Bob,
efforts deserve recognition and a PBR award.  Patti stepped up to fill the 
gap left by Randy Gay's personal leave.  Patti held together the scheduling 
group for about 2 month's by working 7days a week during this time.  Patti 
was always the first one in the office during this time.  Frequently, she 
would be at work before 4 AM to prepare the daily operation package.  All the 
traders came to depend on the information Patti provided.   This information 
has been extremely critical this year due to the pipeline explosion and size 
of the west desk positions.  
Lucy,
Please fix #41 balance by deleting the $550 in the "Rent Due" column.  The 
other questions I had about last week's rent are:
going on?
I spoke to Jeff Smith.  I think he was surprised that we were set up with 
email and MSN Messenger.  He was not trying to insult you.  I let Jeff know 
that he should try and meet the prospective buyers when they come to see the 
property.  Occasionally, a buyer might stop buy without Jeff and you can show 
them around and let them know what a nice quiet well maintained place it is.  
now.  I increased your pay last year very quickly so you could make ends meet 
continue to improve the property, I need you to try and improve the 
property's tenants and reputation.  The apartments are looking better and 
better, yet the turnover seems to be increasing.  
Remember that as a manager you need to set the example for the tenants.  It 
is hard to tell tenants that they are not supposed to have extra people move 
in that are not on the lease, when the manager has a houseful of guests.  I 
realize you have had a lot of issues with taking your son to the doctor and 
your daughter being a teenager, but you need to put in 40 hours and be 
working in the office or on the property during office unless you are running 
an errand for the property.
I am not upset that you asked for a raise, but the answer is no at this 
time.  We can look at again later in the year.
I will talk to you later or you can email or call over the weekend.
Phillip
Lucy,
Please fix #41 balance by deleting the $550 in the "Rent Due" column.  The 
other questions I had about last week's rent are:
going on?
I spoke to Jeff Smith.  I think he was surprised that we were set up with 
email and MSN Messenger.  He was not trying to insult you.  I let Jeff know 
that he should try and meet the prospective buyers when they come to see the 
property.  Occasionally, a buyer might stop buy without Jeff and you can show 
them around and let them know what a nice quiet well maintained place it is.  
now.  I increased your pay last year very quickly so you could make ends meet 
continue to improve the property, I need you to try and improve the 
property's tenants and reputation.  The apartments are looking better and 
better, yet the turnover seems to be increasing.  
Remember that as a manager you need to set the example for the tenants.  It 
is hard to tell tenants that they are not supposed to have extra people move 
in that are not on the lease, when the manager has a houseful of guests.  I 
realize you have had a lot of issues with taking your son to the doctor and 
your daughter being a teenager, but you need to put in 40 hours and be 
working in the office or on the property during office unless you are running 
an errand for the property.
I am not upset that you asked for a raise, but the answer is no at this 
time.  We can look at again later in the year.
I will talk to you later or you can email or call over the weekend.
Phillip
I would like to go to this meeting.  Can you arrange it?
Larry May@ENRON
As you might be aware,  Susan Scott (the book admin for the pipe option book) 
was forced by system problems to stay all night Wednesday night and until 200 
am Friday  in order to calc my book.  While she is scheduled to rotate to the 
West desk soon,  I think we need to discuss putting two persons on my book in 
order to bring the work load to a sustainable level.  I'd like to meet at 
fits in your schedules.
Thanks,
Larry
Susan hours are out of hand.  We need to find a solution.  Let's meet on 
Monday to assess the issue
Got your email.  I will let Jacques know.  I guess we can work out the finer 
points next week.  The bank here in Houston is dealing with their auditors 
this week, so unfortunately I did not hear from them this week.  The are 
promising to have some feedback by Monday.  I will let you know as soon as I 
hear from them.
George,
The probability of building a house this year is increasing.  I have shifted 
not work out in the plan we discussed previously.  Now, I am leaning more 
kid bedrooms + a laundry room upstairs.  The other wing would have a garage + 
plan still has the same number of rooms as the other plan but with the 
courtyard and pool in the center this plan should promote more outdoor 
living.  I am planning to orient the house so that the garage faces the west. 
skylights supported by metal posts.  I am envisioning the two wings to have 
single slope roofs that are not connected to the center building.  
I don't know if you can imagine the house I am trying to describe.  I would 
like to come and visit you again this month.  If it would work for you, I 
would like to drive up on Sunday afternoon on Feb. 18 around 2 or 3 pm.  I 
would like to see the progress on the house we looked at and tour the one we 
didn't have time for.  I can bring more detailed drawings of my new plan. 
Call or email to let me know if this would work for you.  
pallen70@hotmail.com or 713-463-8626(home), 713-853-7041(work)
Phillip Allen
PS.  Channel 2 in Houston ran a story yesterday (Feb. 2) about a home in 
Kingwood that had a poisonous strain of mold growing in the walls.  You 
should try their website or call the station to get the full story.  It would 
Nice.  how much?
Testing.  Sell low and buy high
testing
Richard,
Jeff,
Before you write off the stage, a few things to think about.
repairs.  Plus having a full time onsite maintenance man means no extra labor 
cost for repairs.  There are only 44 units a lot of his time is spent on 
repairs.
manager is all that is required.  As I mentioned the prior manager has 
interest in returning.  Another alternative would be to hire a male manager 
that could do more make readies and lawn care.  If you turn it over to a 
management company you could surely reduce the cost of a full time manager 
onsite.
want to be ultra conservative use $100,000 at the lowest.
this deal with minimum cash.  A 10% note actually attractive. See below.
My job just doesn't give me the time to manage this property.  This property 
definitely requires some time but it has the return to justify the effort.
Sales Price  705,000
Transfer fee    7,500
Cash required   14,500
NOI   100,000
Cash flow  29,014
Cash on cash  200%
These numbers are using the conservative NOI, if it comes in at $115K then 
cash on cash return would be more like 300%.   This doesn't reflect the 
additional profit opportunity of selling the property in the next few years 
for a higher price.
Do you want to reconsider?  Let me know.
Phillip
Lucy,
What is the latest?  Write me a note about what is going on and what issues 
you need my help to deal with when you send the rentroll.
Phillip
Susan J Mara@ENRON
dwatkiss@bracepatt.com, rcarroll@bracepatt.com, Donna 
Here's the link for the audit report
Woods (E-mail)'" <billw@calpine.com>, "'Bob Ellery (E-mail)'" 
Greco (E-mail)'" <jgreco@caithnessenergy.com>, "'Joe Ronan (E-mail)'" 
O'Rourke'" <orourke.john@epenergy.com>, "'Kawamoto, Wayne'" 
Fox (E-mail)'" <lucian_fox@ogden-energy.com>, "'Mark J. Smith (E-mail)'" 
Nguyen (E-mail)'" <nam.nguyen@powersrc.com>, "'Paul Wood (E-mail)'" 
Harlan (E-mail)'" <harlans@epenergy.com>, "'Tandy McMannes (E-mail)'" 
Hartman (E-mail)'" <tom_hartman@fpl.com>, "'Ward Scobee (E-mail)'" 
Feldman'" <jfeldman@mofo.com>, "'Kassandra Gough (E-mail)'" 
Kaplan (E-mail)" <kaplan@iepa.com>, "Steven Kelly (E-mail)" <steven@iepa.com>
This email came in to parties to the CPUC proceeding.  The materials should 
be available on the CPUC website, www.cpuc.ca.gov.  The full reports will be 
available.  ABB
Parties, this e-mail note is to inform you that the KPMG audit report will be 
posted on the web as of 7:00 p.m on January 29, 2001.  You will see
the following documents on the web:
Here is the link to the web site:
Andrew Brown
Sacramento, CA
andybrwn@earthlink.net
George,
Keith and I are reviewing your proposal.  We will send you a response by this 
evening.
Phillip here is the information you requested.
Shares  Vest date Grant Price
Notice Regarding Entry of Orders and Instructions: Please
transmitted by e-mail will not be accepted by PaineWebber and
PaineWebber will not be responsible for carrying out such orders
PaineWebber reserves the right to monitor and review the content of
Jeff,
That is good news about Leander.  
Now for the stage.  I would like to get it sold by the end of March.   I have 
about $225K invested in the stagecoach, 
I don't need the cash out right now so if I could get a personal guarantee 
and Jaques Craig can 
work out the partnership transfer, I would definitely be willing to carry a 
second lien.  I understand second liens are going for 10%-12%.
Checkout this spreadsheet.
These numbers should get the place sold in the next fifteen minutes.   
However,  I am very concerned about the way it is being shown.  Having Lucy 
show it is not a good idea.  I need you to meet the buyers and take some 
trips over to get more familar with the property.  My dad doesn't have the 
time and I don't trust 
Lucy or Wade to show it correctly.  I would prefer for you to show it from 
now on.  
I will have the operating statements complete through December by this 
Friday. 
Phillip
George,
Here is a spreadsheet that illustrates the payout of investment and builders 
profit.  Check my math, but it looks like all the builders profit would be 
recouped in the first year of operation.  At permanent financing $1.1 would 
be paid, leaving only .3 to pay out in the 1st year.
Since almost 80% of builders profit is repaid at the same time as the 
earlier, I think we should negotiate to layer on additional equity to you as 
part of the construction contract.  
Just to begin the brainstorming on what a construction agreement might look 
like here are a few ideas:
higher cost, rather suffers as an equity holder.
must be discussed and agreed upon.
Feel free to call me at home (713)463-8626
Phillip
George,
We should hear from the bank in Houston on Monday.
The best numbers and times to reach me:
work 713-853-7041
fax 713-464-2391
cell 713-410-4679
home 713-463-8626
pallen70@hotmail.com (home)
pallen@enron.com (work)
I am usually at work M-F 7am-5:30pm.  Otherwise try me at home then on my 
cell.
Keiths numbers are:
work 713-853-7069
fax 713-464-2391
cell 713-502-9402
home 713-667-5889
kholst@enron.com
Phillip
Dexter,
You should receive a guest id shortly.
Lucy,
beginning 
Jed,
discuss trading opportunities at  Enron.  I am sending you this message to 
schedule the interview.  Please call or email me with a time that would be 
convenient for you.  I look forward to speaking with you.
Phillip Allen
West Gas Trading
pallen@enron.com
Griff,
Can you accomodate Dexter as we have in the past.  This has been very helpful 
in establishing a fair index at Socal Border.
Phillip
Please cc me on the email with a guest password.  The sooner the better as 
bidweek is underway.
Phillip,
I was wondering if I could trouble you again for another guest id for eol.
In previous months, it has helped us here at NGI when we go to set indexes.
I appreciate your help on this.
Dexter
Phillip:
It looks like a deal with the non gas fired QFs is iminent.  One for the gas 
generators is still quite a ways off.  
The non gas fired QFs will be getting a fixed price for 5 years and reverting 
back to their contracts thereafter.  They also will give back 
I would expect that the gas deal using an implied gas price times a heat rate 
would be very very difficult to close.  Don't expect hedgers to come any time 
soon.
I will keep you abreast of developments.
C
Susan J Mara@ENRON
This from a conference call with IEP tonight at 5 pm:
RE;  Non-Gas-fired QFs -- The last e-mail I sent includes the latest version 
of the IEP proposal.  Negotiations with SCE on this proposal are essentially 
complete.  PG&E is OK with the docs.  All QFs but Calpine have agreed with 
the IEP proposal -- Under the proposal, PG&E would "retain" $106 million (of 
what, I'm not sure -- I think they mean a refund to PG&E from QFs who 
switched to PX pricing). The money would come from changing the basis for the 
QF payments from the PX price to the SRAC price, starting back in December 
PG&E will not commit to a payment schedule and will not commit to take the 
Force Majeure notices off the table. QFs are asking IEP to attempt to get 
some assurances of payment. 
SCE has defaulted with its QFs; PG&E has not yet -- but big payments are due 
For gas-fired QFs -- Heat rate of 10.2 included in formula for PG&E's 
purchases from such QFs. Two people are negotiating the these agreements 
resolved. Batten and Keeley are refereeing this.  No discussions on this 
occurred today.
Status of legislation -- Keeley left town for the night, so not much will 
happen on the QFs.Assembly and Senate realize they have to work together.  
Plan to meld together AB 1 with Hertzberg's new bill .  Hydro as security is 
dead. Republicans were very much opposed to it.
Patti,
This sounds like an opportunity to land a couple of analyst to fill the gaps 
in scheduling.  Remember their rotations last for one year.  Do you want to 
be an interviewer?
Phillip
All,
The Analyst and Associate Programs recognize we have many Analyst needs that 
need to be addressed immediately.  While we anticipate many new Analysts 
joining Enron this summer (late May) and fulltime (August) we felt it 
necessary to address some of the immediate needs with an Off-Cycle Recruiting 
event.  We are planning this event for Thursday, February 15 and are inviting 
approximately 30 candidates to be interviewed.  I am asking that you forward 
this note to any potential interviewers (Managers or above).  We will conduct 
first round interviews in the morning and the second round interviews in the 
afternoon.  We need for interviewers to commit either to the morning 
response using the buttons below and update your calendar for this date.  In 
addition, we will need the groups that have current needs to commit to taking 
one or more of these Analysts should they be extended an offer.   Thanks in 
advance for your cooperation.
Thank you,
Jana
Nick,
There is a specific program that we are using to recruit, train, and mentor 
new traders on the gas and power desks.    The trading track program is being 
coordinated by Ted Bland.  I have forwarded him your resume.  Give him a call 
and he will fill you in on the details of the program.
Lucy,
either needs to get back on schedule or let him know he is paying in the 
middle of his two weeks.  He is only paid one week in advance.  This is not a 
big deal, but you should be clear with tenants that rent is due in advance.
Here is an updated rentroll.  Please use this one instead of the one I sent 
you this morning.
Finally, can you fax me the application and lease from #9.
Everything is short and sweet except the caption!  One comment.  The very 
last sentence reads :  PG&E can continue to physically divert gas if 
necessary . . . "  SInce they haven't actually begun to divert yet, let's 
change that sentence to read "PG&E has the continuing right to physically 
divert gas if necessary..."  
I will send this around for comment.  Thanks for your promptness.
Any comments, anyone?
Leslie:
Here is the draft.  Short and sweet.  Let me know what you think.  We will
be ready to file on Friday.  Mike Day
Lucy,
Here is a rentroll for this week.  I still have questions on #28,#29, and #32.
Larry,
I met with a banker that is interested in financing the project.  They need 
the following:
Financial statements plus last two years tax returns.
Builders resume listing similar projects
The banker indicated he could pull together a proposal by Friday.  If we are 
interested in his loan, he would want to  come see the site.
If you want to overnight me the documents, I will pass them along.   You can 
send them to my home or office (1400 Smith, EB3210B, Houston, TX 77002).
The broker is Jim Murnan.  His number is 713-781-5810, if you want to call 
him and send the documents to him directly.
It sounds like the attorneys are drafting the framework of the partnership 
agreement.  I would like to nail down the outstanding business points as soon 
as possible.  
Please email or call with  an update.
Draft response to PGE -- do you have any comments?
Travis McCullough
Enron North America Corp.
Houston Texas 77002
Phone:  (713) 853-1575
Fax: (713) 646-3490      
Works for me.  Have you run it by Phillip Allen?
Please call me with any comments or questions.
Travis McCullough
Enron North America Corp.
Houston Texas 77002
Phone:  (713) 853-1575
Fax: (713) 646-3490      
Lucy,
these overages?  Let's discuss further?  Remember these bills were paid in 
July and August.  The usage dates are much earlier.  I have the bills but I 
can get them to you if need be.
By STEVE EVERLY - The Kansas City Star
As natural gas prices rose in December, traders at the New York Mercantile 
Exchange kept one eye on the weather forecast and another on a weekly gas 
storage number. 
The storage figures showed utilities withdrawing huge amounts of gas, and the 
forecast was for frigid weather. Traders put the two together, anticipated a 
supply crunch and drove gas prices to record heights. 
a trader. "It makes the market for natural gas." 
But the market's response perplexed Chris McGill, the American Gas 
Association's director of gas supply and transportation. He had compiled the 
storage numbers since they were first published in 1994, and in his view the 
numbers were being misinterpreted to show a situation far bleaker than 
reality. 
we are reporting," McGill said. 
As consumer outrage builds over high heating bills, the hunt for reasons -- 
and culprits -- is on. Some within the natural gas industry are pointing 
fingers at Wall Street. 
Stephen Adik, senior vice president of the Indiana utility NiSource, recently 
stepped before an industry conference and blamed the market's speculators for 
the rise in gas prices. 
In California, where natural gas spikes have contributed to an electric 
utility crisis, six investigations are looking into the power industry. 
Closer to home, observers note that utilities and regulators share the blame 
for this winter's startling gas bills, having failed to protect their 
customers and constituents from such price spikes. 
Most utilities, often with the acquiescence of regulators, failed to take 
precautions such as fixed-rate contracts and hedging -- a sort of price 
insurance -- that could have protected their customers by locking in gas 
prices before they soared. 
Snider, a spokesman for Missouri Gas Energy. 
But critics say the utilities shirked their responsibility to customers. 
change," said Ed Krapels, director of gas power services for Energy Security 
Analysis Inc., an energy consulting firm in Wakefield, Mass. 
Hot topic 
Consumers know one thing for certain: Their heating bills are up sharply. In 
many circles, little else is discussed. 
The Rev. Vincent Fraser of Glad Tidings Assembly of God in Kansas City is 
facing a $1,456 December bill for heating the church -- more than double the 
previous December's bill. Church members are suffering from higher bills as 
well. 
The Sunday collection is down, said Fraser, who might have to forgo part of 
his salary. For the first time, the church is unable to meet its financial 
pledge to overseas missionaries because the money is going to heating. 
A year ago that wasn't a fear. Wholesale gas prices hovered just above $2 per 
thousand cubic feet -- a level that producers say didn't make it worthwhile 
customers. 
But trouble was brewing. By spring, gas prices were hitting $4 per thousand 
cubic feet, just as utilities were beginning to buy gas to put into storage 
for winter. 
There was a dip in the fall, but then prices rebounded. By early November, 
prices were at $5 per thousand cubic feet. The federal Energy Information 
Administration was predicting sufficient but tight gas supplies and heating 
bills that would be 30 percent to 40 percent higher. 
But $10 gas was coming. Below-normal temperatures hit much of the country, 
including the Kansas City area, and fears about tight supplies roiled the gas 
markets. 
Wholesale prices exploded to $10 per thousand cubic feet, led by the New York 
traders. Natural gas sealed its reputation as the most price-volatile 
commodity in the world. 
Setting the price 
In the 1980s, the federal government took the caps off the wellhead price of 
gas, allowing it to float. In 1990, the New York Mercantile began trading 
contracts for future delivery of natural gas, and that market soon had 
widespread influence over gas prices. 
The futures contracts are bought and sold for delivery of natural gas as soon 
as next month or as far ahead as three years. Suppliers can lock in sale 
prices for the gas they expect to produce. And big gas consumers, from 
utilities to companies such as Farmland Industries Inc., can lock in what 
they pay for the gas they expect to use. 
There are also speculators who trade the futures contracts with no intention 
of actually buying or selling the gas -- and often with little real knowledge 
of natural gas. 
But if they get on the right side of a price trend, traders don't need to 
know much about gas -- or whatever commodity they're trading. Like all 
futures, the gas contracts are purchased on credit. That leverage adds to 
their volatility and to the traders' ability to make or lose a lot of money 
in a short time. 
As December began, the price of natural gas on the futures market was less 
than $7 per thousand cubic feet. By the end of the month it was nearly $10. 
Much of the spark for the rally came from the American Gas Association's 
weekly storage numbers. 
Utilities buy ahead and store as much as 50 percent of the gas they expect to 
need in the winter. 
Going into the winter, the storage levels were about 5 percent less than 
average, in part because some utilities were holding off on purchasing, in 
hopes that the summer's unusually high $4 to $5 prices would drop. 
Still, the American Gas Association offered assurances that supplies would be 
sufficient. But when below-normal temperatures arrived in November, the 
concerns increased among traders that supplies could be insufficient. 
Then the American Gas Association reported the lowest year-end storage 
numbers since they were first published in 1994. Still, said the 
association's McGill, there was sufficient gas in storage. 
But some utility executives didn't share that view. William Eliason, vice 
president of Kansas Gas Service, said that if December's cold snap had 
continued into January, there could have been a real problem meeting demand. 
Then suddenly the market turned when January's weather turned warmer. 
Wednesday's storage numbers were better than expected, and futures prices 
dropped more than $1 per thousand cubic feet. 
Just passing through 
Some utilities said there was little else to do about the price increase but 
pass their fuel costs on to customers. 
Among area utilities, Kansas Gas Service increased its customers' cost-of-gas 
charge earlier this month to $8.68 per thousand cubic feet. And Missouri Gas 
Energy has requested an increase to $9.81, to begin Wednesday. 
Sheila Lumpe, chairwoman of the Missouri Public Service Commission, said last 
month that because utilities passed along their wholesale costs, little could 
be done besides urging consumers to join a level-payment plan and to conserve 
energy. 
Kansas Gas Service had a small hedging program in place, which is expected to 
save an average customer about $25 this winter. 
Missouri Gas Energy has no hedging program. It waited until fall to seek an 
extension of the program and then decided to pass when regulators would not 
guarantee that it could recover its hedging costs. 
Now utilities are being asked to justify the decisions that have left 
customers with such high gas bills. And regulators are being asked whether 
they should abandon the practice of letting utilities pass along their fuel 
costs. 
On Friday, Doug Micheel, senior counsel of the Missouri Office of the Public 
Counsel, said his office would ask the Missouri Public Service Commission to 
perform an emergency audit of Missouri Gas Energy's gas purchasing practices. 
some changes." 
severly@kcstar.com. 
Jeff,
Here is a recent rentroll.  I understand another looker went to the 
property.  I want to hear the feedback no matter how discouraging. I am in 
Portland for the rest of the week.  You can reach me on my cell phone 
closing statements for Leander on Friday.  Please send them to my house (8855 
Merlin Ct, Houston, TX 77055).
Call me if necessary.
Phillip
Larry,
The wire should go out today.  I am in Portland but can be reached by cell 
phone 713-410-4679.  Call me if there are any issues.  I will place a call to 
my attorney to check on the loan agreement.
Lucy,
Why did so many tenants not pay this week?
It seems these apartments just missed rent.  What is up?
Other questions:
Enron has agreed that the key issue is to focus on solving the S-T buying 
needs.  Attached is a spreadsheet that outlines the $ magnitude of the next 
few months.
TALKING POINTS:
Lot's of questions about DWR becoming the  vehicle for S-T buying and there 
is a significant legal risk for it becoming the vehicle.  WE DO NEED 
SOMETHING TO BRIDGE BEFORE WE PUT IN L-T CONTRACTS.
Huge and growing shortfall ($3.2B through March 31, 2001) 
The SOONER YOU CAN PUT IN L-T CONTRACTS STOP THE BLEEDING.
Bankruptcy takes all authority out of the Legislature's hands.
ACTION ITEMS:
Michael Tribolet will be contacting John Klauberg to discuss how to organize 
a Participation Agreement to sell to UDCs in Bankruptcy while securing Super 
Priority.
S-T requirements of UDCs.  Key is to talk with State of California Treasurer 
April).  Pat Boylston will develop "public benefit" language for options 
working with Mike Day.  He can be reached at 503-294-9116 or 
pgboylston@stoel.com.
Get with Hertzberg to discuss the options (Bev Hansen).  Explain the 
magnitude of the problem.  Get Mike Day to help draft language.  
Steve Kean will communicate with UDCs to see if they have any solutions or 
thougths.  Probably of limited value.
Any new information on this should be communicated to the following people as 
soon as possible.  These people should update their respective business units.
Credit - Michael Tribolet
Attached is a summary of the Jan 13 Davis-Summers summit on the California 
power situation.  We will be discussing this at the 2:00 call today.
Kristin,
Thank you for the California update.  Please continue to include me in all 
further intellegence reports regarding the situation in California.  
Andrea,
Please resend the first three resumes.
Bob,
plans.  As far as the TV's, what do you need me to do?  Do we need plasma 
screens or would regular monitors be just as good at a fraction of the cost.
Phillip, attached are resumes of analysts that are up for rotation.  If you 
are interested, you may contact them directly.
TIM HEIZENRADER
Here's our first cut at a full year hydro projection:  Please keep 
confidential.
Jim,
Here are the key gas contacts.
Phillip Allen  X37041   713-463-8626  713-410-4679
Mike Grigsby  X37031   713-780-1022  713-408-6256
Keith Holst  X37069   713-667-5889  713-502-9402
Please call me with any significant developments.
Lucy,
The apartments that have new tenants since December 15th are:  
Are we running an apartment complex or a motel?
this afternoon.
Larry,
Do you want the loan and wire amount to be for exactly $1.1 million.
Thanks for representing Matt.
George,
Here is a spreadsheet that illustrates the payout of investment and builders 
profit.  Check my math, but it looks like all the builders profit would be 
recouped in the first year of operation.  At permanent financing $1.1 would 
be paid, leaving only .3 to pay out in the 1st year.
Since almost 80% of builders profit is repaid at the same time as the 
earlier, I think we should negotiate to layer on additional equity to you as 
part of the construction contract.  
Just to begin the brainstorming on what a construction agreement might look 
like here are a few ideas:
higher cost, rather suffers as an equity holder.
must be discussed and agreed upon.
Feel free to call me at home (713)463-8626
Phillip
Lucy,
Here is a schedule of the most recent utility bills and the overages.  There 
are alot of overages.  It will probably get worse this month because of all 
the cold weather.
You need to be very clear with all new tenants about the electricity cap.  
This needs to be handwritten on all new leases.
I am going to fax you copies of the bills that support this spreadsheet.  We 
also need to write a short letter remind everyone about the cap and the need 
something today.
Wait until you have copies of the bills and the letter before you start 
collecting.
We do not understand our VAR.  Can you please get us all the detailed reports 
and component VAR reports that you can produce?
The sooner the better.
Ted,
Andrea in the analysts pool asked me to fill out this request.  Can you help 
expedite this process?
Phillip
Frank,
Did you receive the information about the San Marcos apartments.  I have left 
several messages at your office to follow up.  You mentioned that your plate 
was fairly full.  Are you too busy to look at this project?  As I mentioned I 
would be interested in speaking to you as an advisor or at least a sounding 
board for the key issues.  
Please email or call.
Phillip Allen
pallen@enron.com
for $75.  Which apartments?  20a or #13?
what periods?
What is going on with #42.   Do not evict this tenant for being unclean!!!  
That will just create an apartment that we will have to spend a lot of money 
and time remodeling.  I would rather try and deal with this tenant by first 
asking them to clean their apartment and fixing anything that is wrong like 
leaky pipes.  If that doesn't work, we should tell them we will clean the 
apartment and charge them for the labor.  Then we will perform monthly 
inspections to ensure they are not damaging the property.  This tenant has 
been here since September 1998, I don't want to run them off.
I check with the bank and I did not see that a deposit was made on Tuesday so 
I couldn't check the total from the rentroll against the bank.  Is this 
right?  Has the deposit been made yet?
Kristian J Lande
We met with Gov Davis on Thursday evening in LA.  In attendance were Ken Lay, 
the Governor, the Governor's staff director (Kari Dohn) and myself.  The gov. 
spent over an hour and a half with us covering our suggestions and his 
ideas.  He would like some additional thoughts from us by Tuesday of next 
week as he prepares his state of the state address for the following Monday.  
Attached to the end of this memo is a list of solutions we proposed (based on 
my discussions with several of you) as well as some background materials Jeff 
Dasovich and I prepared.  Below are my notes from the meeting regarding our 
proposals, the governor's ideas, as well as my overview of the situation 
based on the governor's comments:
Overview:   We made great progress in both ensuring that he understands that 
we are different from the generators and in opening a channel for ongoing 
communication with his administration. The gov does not want the utilities to 
go bankrupt and seems predisposed to both rate relief (more modest than what 
the utilities are looking for) and credit guarantees.  His staff has more 
work to do on the latter, but he was clearly intrigued with the idea.  He 
talked mainly in terms of raising rates but not uncapping them at the retail 
level.  He also wants to use what generation he has control over for the 
benefit of California consumers, including utility-owned generation (which he 
would dedicate to consumers on a cost-plus basis) and excess muni power 
solutions as well as interventionist solutions which will allow him to fix 
the problem by '02 and provide some political cover.
Our proposals:  I have attached the outline we put in front of him (it also 
included the forward price information several of you provided).  He seemed 
interested in 1) the buy down of significant demand, 2) the state setting a 
goal of x000 MW of new generation by a date certain, 3) getting the utilities 
analysts and other "nonadvocates" to develop solutions to a number of issues 
including designing the portfolio and forward purchase terms for utilities.  
He was also quite interested in examining the incentives surrounding LDC gas 
purchases.   As already mentioned, he was also favorably disposed to finding 
some state sponsored credit support for the utilities.
His ideas:  The gov read from a list of ideas some of which were obviously 
under serious consideration and some of which were mere "brainstorming".  
Some of these ideas would require legislative action.
generation plants.  The gov feels strongly that he has to show consumers that 
they are getting something in return for bearing some rate increases.  This 
was a frequently recurring theme.
Utilities would sell the output from generation they still own on a cost-plus 
basis to consumers.
Municipal utilties would be required to sell their excess generation in 
California.
widely deploy distributed generation.
Expand in-state gas production.
Take state lands gas royalties in kind.
negotiate directly with tribes and state governments in the west for 
addtional gas supplies.
maintenance schedules to avoid having too much generation out of service at 
any one time.
Condition emissions offsets on commitments to sell power longer term in state.
Either eliminate the ISO or sharply curtail its function -- he wants to hear 
more about how Nordpool works(Jeff- someone in Schroeder's group should be 
able to help out here).
Wants to condition new generation on a commitment to sell in state.  We made 
some headway with the idea that he could instead require utilities to buy 
some portion of their forward requirements from new in-state generation 
thereby accomplishing the same thing without using a command and control 
approach with generators.
Securitize uncollected power purchase costs.
thoughts and get them to Kari)
not just the 5 one year strips.
He wants comments on his proposals by Tuesday.
He would like thoughts on how to pitch what consumers are getting out of the 
deal.
He wants to assemble a group of energy gurus to help sort through some of the 
forward contracting issues.
Thanks to everyone for their help.  We made some progress today.
Trading Profits
P. Allen  200
M. Grigsby 463
Rest of Desk 282
I view my bonus as partly attributable to my own trading and partly to the 
group's performance.  Here are my thoughts.
Cash  2 MM   4 MM   6 MM
Equity  2 MM   4 MM   6 MM
Here are Mike's numbers.  I have not made any adjustments to them.
Cash  2 MM   3 MM   4 MM
Equity  4 MM   7 MM   12 MM
I have given him an "expectations" speech, but you might do the same at some 
point.
Phillip
Hunter S Shively
Larry,
I was able to scan my 98 & 99 tax returns into Adobe.  Here they are plus the 
excel file is a net worth statement.  If you have any trouble downloading or 
printing these files let me know and I can fax them to you.   Let's talk 
later today.
Phillip
P.S.  Please remember to get Jim Murnan the info. he needs.
Gentlemen,
and a mortgage broker for help with the financing.  Regarding the financing, 
I am working with Jim Murnan at Pinnacle Mortgage here in Houston.  I have 
sent him some information on the project, but he needs financial information 
on you.  Can you please send it to him.  His contact information is:  phone 
hope to pull that together this afternoon.
was positive about his experience overall.  He did not seem pleased with the 
bookkeeping or information flow to the investor.  I think we should discuss 
these procedures in advance.
Jim,
described to you last week.  The project is a 134 unit apartment complex in 
couple of other investors involved.  As I mentioned last week, I would like 
require the investors to personally guarantee.  If there is a creative way to 
structure the deal, I would like to hear your suggestions.  One idea that has 
been mentioned is to obtain a "forward commitment" in order to reduce the 
equity required.  I would also appreciate hearing from you how deals of this 
nature are normally financed.  Specifically, the transition from interim to 
permanent financing.  I could use a quick lesson in what numbers will be 
important to banks. 
email or fax his financial statement to you.
Jeff,
Everything should be done for closing on the Leander deal on the 29th.  I 
have fed ex'd the closing statements and set up a wire transfer to go out 
connections?  Other rezoning costs?  
What about property taxes?  The burnet land lost its ag exemption while I 
owned it.  Are there steps we can take to hold on to the exemption on this 
property?  Can you explain the risks and likelihood of any rollback taxes 
once the property is rezoned?  Do we need to find a farmer and give him 
grazing rights?
What are the important dates coming up and general status of rezoning and 
annexing?  I am worried about the whole country slipping into a recession and 
American Multifamily walking on this deal.  So I just want to make sure we 
are pushing the process as fast as we can.
Steve,
I am sending you a variety of charts with prices and operational detail.  If 
you need to call with questions my home number is 713-463-8626.
As far as recommendations, here is a short list:
above monthly index without enough consideration of future 
injected into storage when daily prices run above the monthly index.
demand.  Investigate why it wasn't maximized operationally.  
much gas from Socal's system.  
own demand.  They repeatedly estimated they would receive       more gas than 
their injection capablity, but injected far less.
term prices.  Not enough forward hedging is done by the major 
rate.  This market has been long historically.  It has been a buyers market 
and the 
Call me if you need any more input.
Monique Sanchez
Jay Reitmeyer
Randy Gay
John,
Here is our North of Stanfield forecast for Jan.
Supply    Jan '01   Dec '00   Jan '00
Demand
Roosevelt capacity is 495.
Let me know how your forecast differs.
Phillip  
Please assign global id's to the four junior traders listed on Dawn's 
original email.  The are all trading and need to have unique id's.
Received the fax.  Thank you.  I might have to sell the QQQ and take the loss 
for taxes.  But I would roll right into a basket of individual technology 
stocks.  I think I mentioned this to you previously that I have decided to 
PLEASE APPROVE HIM FOR THIS.  PHILLIP WILL NOT BE ABLE TO GET INTO HIS EMAIL 
SYSTEM TO DO THIS.
IF YOU HAVE ANY QUESTIONS, OR PROBLEMS, PLEASE CALL ME AT  X3-7257.
THANK YOU.
INA.
IF THIS IS A PROBLEM TO DO IT THIS WAY PLEASE CALL ME AND I WILL WALK PHILLIP 
THROUGH THE STEPS TO APPROVE.  IF YOU CALL HIM, HE WILL DIRECT IT TO ME 
ANYWAY.
This request has been pending your approval for  5 days.  Please click 
Approval to review and act upon this request.
Request ID          : 000000000009659
Requested For       : barry.tycholiz@enron.com
Resource Name       : VPN
Resource Type       : Applications
George & Larry,
Thursday afternoon is the only day that really works for me.  
Let me know if that would work for you.  I was thinking around 2  or 2:30 pm.
I will try to email you any questions I have from the latest proforma 
Phillip
Phillip,
Jeff,
Hear is a new NOI file.  I have added an operating statement for 1999 
I will try to email you some photos soon.
Phillip
Jeff,
The files attached contain a current rentroll, 2000 operating statement, and 
a proforma operating statement.
Larry,
please use pallen70@hotmail.com.
Lucy,
back in October are  #3,5,9,11,12,17,21,22,23,25,28,33,38.
input the correct information on all these tenants.  And email it to me 
applications.  
Lucy,
Please email the answers.
Phillip
Phillip -- Is the value axis on Sheet 2 of the "socalprices" spread sheet 
supposed to be in $?  If so, are they the right values (millions?) and where 
did they come from?  I can't relate them to the Sheet 1 spread sheet.
As I told Mike, we will file this out-of-time tomorrow as a supplement to our 
comments today along with a cover letter.  We have to fully understand the 
charts and how they are constructed, and we ran out of time today.  It's much 
better to file an out-of-time supplement to timely comments than to file the 
whole thing late, particuarly since this is apparently on such a fast track.
Thanks.
Attached  are two files that illustrate the following:
As prices rose, supply increased and demand decreased.  Now prices are 
beginning to fall in response these market responses. 
The filed version of the comments in the San Diego Gas & Electric matter at 
FERC is attached.
Mr. Buckner,
Enron entity.  I have forwarded your request to Zarin Imam at EES.  Her phone 
number is 713-853-7107.  
Lucy,
misplace these files.
Richard Burchfield
Phillip,
trade capture. What we need to focus on is the first bullet in Allan's list; 
the need for a single set of requirements. Although the meeting with Keith, 
on Wednesday,  was informative the solution of creating a infinitely dynamic 
consolidated position screen, will be extremely difficult and time 
consuming.  Throughout the meeting on Wednesday, Keith alluded to the 
inability to get consensus amongst the traders on the presentation of the 
consolidated position, so the solution was to make it so that a trader can 
arrange the position screen to their liking (much like Excel). What needs to 
happen on Monday from 3 - 5 is a effort to design a desired layout for the 
consolidated position screen, this is critical. This does not exclude 
building a capability to create a more flexible position presentation for the 
future, but in order to create a plan that can be measured we need firm 
requirements. Also, to reiterate that the goals of this project is a project 
The other issues that have been raised will be capture as projects on to 
themselves, and will need to be prioritised as efforts outside of this 
project.
I have been involved in most of the meetings and the discussions have been 
good. I believe there has been good communication between the teams, but now 
we need to have focus on the objectives we set out to solve.
Richard  
Allan Severude
From our initial set of meetings with the traders regarding consolidated 
positions, I think we still have the following issues:
We don't have a single point of contact from the trading group.  We've had 
three meetings which brought out very different issues from different 
traders.  We really need a single point of contact to help drive the trader 
requirements and help come to a consensus regarding the requirements.
We're getting hit with a lot of different requests, many of which appear to 
be outside the scope of position consolidation.
Things left to do:
I think it may be useful to try to formulate a high level project goal to 
make it as clear as possible what we're trying to accomplish with this 
project.  It'll help determine which requests fall under the project scope.
Go through the list of requests to determine which are in scope for this 
project and which fall out of scope.
For those in scope, work to define relative importance (priority) of each and 
work with traders to define the exact requirements of each.
Define the desired lay out of the position manager screen: main view and all 
drill downs.
Use the above to formulate a project plan.
Things requested thus far (no particular order):
Inclusion of Sitara physical deals into the TDS position manager and deal 
ticker.
New drill down in the position manager to break out positions by: physical, 
transport, swaps, options, ...
Addition of a curve tab to the position manager to show the real-time values 
of all curves on which the desk has a position.
Ability to split the current position grid to allow daily positions to be 
shown directly above monthly positions.  Each grouped column in the top grid 
would be tied to a grouped column in the bottom grid.
Ability to properly show curve shift for float-for-float deals; determine the 
appropriate positions to show for each:
Gas Daily for monthly index,
Physical gas for Nymex,
Physical gas for Inside Ferc,
Physical gas for Mid market.
Ability for TDS to pull valuation results based on a TDS flag instead of 
using official valuations.
Position and P&L aggregation across all gas desks.
Ability to include the Gas Price book into TDS:
Inclusion of spread options in our systems.  Ability to handle volatility 
skew and correlations.
Ability to revalue all options incrementally throughout the trading day.  
Approximate delta changes between valuations using instantaneous gamma or a 
gamma grid.
Valuation of Gas Daily options.
A new position screen for options (months x strike x delta).  TBD.
Inclusion of positions for exotic options currently managed in spreadsheets.
Ability to isolate the position change due to changed deals in the position 
manager.
Ability to view change deal P&L in the TDS deal ticker.  Show new deal terms, 
prior deal terms, and net P&L affect of the change.
Eliminate change deals with no economic impact from the TDS deal ticker.
Position drill down in the position manager to isolate the impact of 
individual deals on the position total in a grid cell.
Benchmark positions in TDS.
Deployment of TDS in Canada. Currency and volume uom conversions. Implicit 
and explicit position break out issues.
PS: Colleen is setting up a meeting tomorrow to discuss the direction for 
transport.  Hopefully we'll know much better where that part stands at that 
point.
Richard Burchfield
Phillip,
trade capture. What we need to focus on is the first bullet in Allan's list; 
the need for a single set of requirements. Although the meeting with Keith, 
on Wednesday,  was informative the solution of creating a infinitely dynamic 
consolidated position screen, will be extremely difficult and time 
consuming.  Throughout the meeting on Wednesday, Keith alluded to the 
inability to get consensus amongst the traders on the presentation of the 
consolidated position, so the solution was to make it so that a trader can 
arrange the position screen to their liking (much like Excel). What needs to 
happen on Monday from 3 - 5 is a effort to design a desired layout for the 
consolidated position screen, this is critical. This does not exclude 
building a capability to create a more flexible position presentation for the 
future, but in order to create a plan that can be measured we need firm 
requirements. Also, to reiterate that the goals of this project is a project 
The other issues that have been raised will be capture as projects on to 
themselves, and will need to be prioritised as efforts outside of this 
project.
I have been involved in most of the meetings and the discussions have been 
good. I believe there has been good communication between the teams, but now 
we need to have focus on the objectives we set out to solve.
Richard  
Allan Severude
From our initial set of meetings with the traders regarding consolidated 
positions, I think we still have the following issues:
We don't have a single point of contact from the trading group.  We've had 
three meetings which brought out very different issues from different 
traders.  We really need a single point of contact to help drive the trader 
requirements and help come to a consensus regarding the requirements.
We're getting hit with a lot of different requests, many of which appear to 
be outside the scope of position consolidation.
Things left to do:
I think it may be useful to try to formulate a high level project goal to 
make it as clear as possible what we're trying to accomplish with this 
project.  It'll help determine which requests fall under the project scope.
Go through the list of requests to determine which are in scope for this 
project and which fall out of scope.
For those in scope, work to define relative importance (priority) of each and 
work with traders to define the exact requirements of each.
Define the desired lay out of the position manager screen: main view and all 
drill downs.
Use the above to formulate a project plan.
Things requested thus far (no particular order):
Inclusion of Sitara physical deals into the TDS position manager and deal 
ticker.
New drill down in the position manager to break out positions by: physical, 
transport, swaps, options, ...
Addition of a curve tab to the position manager to show the real-time values 
of all curves on which the desk has a position.
Ability to split the current position grid to allow daily positions to be 
shown directly above monthly positions.  Each grouped column in the top grid 
would be tied to a grouped column in the bottom grid.
Ability to properly show curve shift for float-for-float deals; determine the 
appropriate positions to show for each:
Gas Daily for monthly index,
Physical gas for Nymex,
Physical gas for Inside Ferc,
Physical gas for Mid market.
Ability for TDS to pull valuation results based on a TDS flag instead of 
using official valuations.
Position and P&L aggregation across all gas desks.
Ability to include the Gas Price book into TDS:
Inclusion of spread options in our systems.  Ability to handle volatility 
skew and correlations.
Ability to revalue all options incrementally throughout the trading day.  
Approximate delta changes between valuations using instantaneous gamma or a 
gamma grid.
Valuation of Gas Daily options.
A new position screen for options (months x strike x delta).  TBD.
Inclusion of positions for exotic options currently managed in spreadsheets.
Ability to isolate the position change due to changed deals in the position 
manager.
Ability to view change deal P&L in the TDS deal ticker.  Show new deal terms, 
prior deal terms, and net P&L affect of the change.
Eliminate change deals with no economic impact from the TDS deal ticker.
Position drill down in the position manager to isolate the impact of 
individual deals on the position total in a grid cell.
Benchmark positions in TDS.
Deployment of TDS in Canada. Currency and volume uom conversions. Implicit 
and explicit position break out issues.
PS: Colleen is setting up a meeting tomorrow to discuss the direction for 
transport.  Hopefully we'll know much better where that part stands at that 
point.
Jeff Richter
Calif ISO, PUC Inspect Off-line Duke South Bay Pwr Plant, DJ Calif Regula 
AM ---------------------------
Carla Hoffman
Calif ISO, PUC Inspect Off-line Duke South Bay Pwr Plant, DJ Calif Regula 
AM ---------------------------
Calif ISO, PUC Inspect Off-line Duke South Bay Pwr Plant, DJ Calif Regula 
Wed -Sources
LOS ANGELES (Dow Jones)--The California Independent System Operator paid
about $10 million Wednesday for 1,000 megawatts of power from Powerex and
still faced a massive deficit that threatened electricity reliability in the
state, high-ranking market sources familiar with the ISO's operation told
Dow Jones Newswires.
But the ISO fell short of ordering rolling blackouts Wednesday for the third
consecutive day.
The ISO wouldn't comment on the transactions, saying it is sensitive market
information. But sources said Powerex, a subsidiary of British Columbia
Hydro & Power Authority (X.BCH), is the only energy company in the Northwest
region with an abundant supply of electricity to spare and the ISO paid
about $900 a megawatt-hour from the early afternoon through the evening.
But that still wasn't enough juice.
The Los Angeles Department of Water and Power sold the ISO 1,200 megawatts
of power later in the day at the wholesale electricity price cap rate of
of power to serve its customers. It is free sell power instate above the
The LADWP has been very vocal about the amount of power it has to spare. The
municipal utility has also reaped huge profits by selling its excess power
into the grid when supply is tight and prices are high. However, the LADWP
is named as a defendant in a civil lawsuit alleging price gouging. The suit
claims the LADWP sells some of its power it gets from the federal Bonneville
Power Administration, which sells hydropower at cheap rates, back into the
market at prices 10 times higher.
Powerex officials wouldn't comment on the ISO power sale, saying all
transactions are proprietary. But the company also sold the ISO 1,000
megawatts Tuesday - minutes before the ISO was to declare rolling blackouts
The ISO, whose main job is to keep electricity flowing throughout the state
no matter what the cost, started the day with a stage-two power emergency,
which means its operating reserves fell to less than 5%. The ISO is having
The ISO warned federal regulators, generators and utilities Wednesday during
a conference call that it would call a stage-three power emergency
Wednesday, but wouldn't order rolling blackouts. A stage three is declared
when the ISO's operating reserves fall to less than 1.5% and power is
interrupted on a statewide basis to keep the grid from collapsing.
But ISO spokesman Patrick Dorinson said it would call a stage three only as
a means of attracting additional electricity resources.
Dorinson said.
Edison International unit (EIX) Southern California Edison, Sempra Energy
unit (SRE) San Diego Gas & Electric, PG&E Corp. (PCG) unit Pacific Gas &
Electric and several municipal utilities in the state will share the cost of
the high-priced power.
SoCal Edison and PG&E are facing a debt of more than $6 billion due to high
wholesale electricity costs. The utilities debt this week could grow by
nearly $1 billion, analysts said. It's still unclear whether retail
customers will be forced to pay for the debt through higher electricity
rates or if companies will absorb the costs.
jason.leopold@dowjones.com
Pwr Plant
LOS ANGELES (Dow Jones)--Representatives of the California Independent
System Operator and Public Utilities Commission inspected Duke Energy
Corp.'s (DUK) off-line 700-MW South Bay Power Plant in Chula Vista, Calif.,
Wednesday morning, a Duke spokesman said.
The ISO and PUC have been inspecting all off-line power plants in the state
since Tuesday evening to verify that those plants are shut down for the
reasons generators say they are, ISO spokesman Pat Dorinson said.
About 11,000 MW of power has been off the state's power grid since Monday,
ISO.
The ISO manages grid reliability.
As previously reported, the ISO told utilities and the Federal Energy
Regulatory Commission Wednesday that it would call a stage three power alert
at 5 PM PST (0100 GMT Thursday), meaning power reserves in the state would
dip below 1.5% and rolling blackouts could be implemented to avoid grid
collapse. However, the ISO said the action wouldn't result in rolling
blackouts.
The ISO and PUC also inspected Tuesday plants owned by Dynegy Inc (DYN),
Reliant Energy Inc. (REI) and Southern Energy Inc (SOE).
Duke's 1,500-MW Moss Landing plant was also inspected by PUC representatives
in June, when some units were off-line for repairs, the Duke spokesman said.
jessica.berthold@dowjones.com
Power Plants
LOS ANGELES (Dow Jones)--AES Corp. (AES) and Dynegy Inc. (DYN) said
Wednesday that representatives of California power officials had stopped by
some of their power plants to verify that they were off line for legitimate
reasons.
The California Independent System Operator, which manages the state's power
grid and one of its wholesale power markets, and the California Public
Utilities Commission began on-site inspections Tuesday night of all power
plants in the state reporting that unplanned outages have forced shutdowns,
ISO spokesman Pat Dorinson said.
The state has had 11,000 MW off the grid since Monday, 7,000 MW for
unplanned maintenance. The ISO Wednesday called a Stage 2 power emergency
for the third consecutive day, meaning power reserves were below 5% and
customers who agreed to cut power in exchange for reduced rates may be
called on to do so.
As reported earlier, Reliant Energy (REI) and Southern Energy Inc. (SOE)
said they had been visited by representatives of the ISO and PUC Tuesday
evening.
Representatives of the two organizations also visited plants owned by AES
and Dynegy Tuesday evening.
AES told the visitors they couldn't perform an unannounced full inspection
of the company's 450-megawatt Huntington Beach power station until Wednesday
morning, when the plant's full staff would be present, AES spokesman Aaron
Thomas said.
Thomas, as well as an ISO spokesman, didn't know whether the representatives
returned Wednesday for a full inspection.
The Huntington Beach facility and units at two other AES facilities have
used up their nitrogen oxide, or NOx, emission credits. They were taken down
two weeks ago in response to a request by the South Coast Air Quality
Management District to stay off line until emissions controls are deployed,
Thomas said.
AES has about 2,000 MW, or half its maximum output, off line. The entire
Huntington plant is off line, as is 1,500 MW worth of units at its Alamitos
and Redondo Beach plants.
The ISO has asked AES to return its off line plants to operations, but AES
has refused because it is concerned the air quality district will fine the
company $20 million for polluting.
Thomas said. "It's not clear to us that the ISO trumps the air quality
district's" authority.
As reported, a spokesman for the air quality district said Tuesday that AES
could have elected to buy more emission credits so that it could run its off
line plants in case of power emergencies, but choose not to do so.
Dynegy Inc. (DYN) said the PUC visited its 1,200 MW El Segundo plant Tuesday
evening, where two of the four units, about 600 MW worth, were off line
Wednesday.
need to come and take a look for yourself, that's fine,'" said Dynegy
spokesman Lynn Lednicky.
Lednicky said one of the two units was off line for planned maintenance and
the other for unplanned maintenance on boiler feedwater pumps, which could
pose a safety hazard if not repaired.
even paid to have some specialized equipment expedited."
Lednicky added that the PUC seemed satisfied with Dynegy's explanation of
why its units were off line.
jessica.berthold@dowjones.com
G_nther A. Pergher
Senior Analyst
Dow Jones & Company Inc.
Tel.  609.520.7067
Fax. 609.452.3531
The information transmitted is intended only for the person or entity to
material.  Any review, retransmission, dissemination or other use of, or
taking of any action in reliance upon, this information by persons or
entities other than the intended recipient is prohibited. If you received
this in error, please contact the sender and delete the material from any
computer.
Dave, 
side is very sparse.  
Phillip
Paula,
Please plan to attend the below  Meeting:
Thanks,
Rain
x.31560
Please respond to <cbpres@austin.rr.com>
Westgate
Enclosed are demographics on the Westgate site from Investor's Alliance.
Investor's Alliance says that these demographics are similar to the package
on San Marcos that you received earlier.
If there are any other questions or information requirements, let me know.
Then, let me know your interest level in the Westgate project?
San Marcos
The property across the street from the Sagewood units in San Marcos is for
sale and approved for 134 units.  The land is selling for $2.50 per square
foot as it is one of only two remaining approved multifamily parcels in West
San Marcos, which now has a moratorium on development.
Several new studies we have looked at show that the rents for our duplexes
and for these new units are going to be significantly higher, roughly $1.25
per square foot if leased for the entire unit on a 12-month lease and
property will have the best location for student housing of all new
projects, just as the duplexes do now.
If this project is of serious interest to you, please let me know as there
is a very, very short window of opportunity.  The equity requirement is not
yet known, but it would be likely to be $300,000 to secure the land.  I will
know more on this question later today.
Sincerely,
George W. Richards
President, Creekside Builders, LLC
Nancy Hall@ENRON
There will be a meeting on Tuesday, Oct. 10th at 4:00pm in EB3270 regarding 
Storage Strategies in the West.  Please mark your calendars.
Thank you!
Regards,
Nancy Hall
ENA Denver office
Brenda,
Please use the second check as the October payment.  If you have already 
Brenda,
original deal.  Do you want me to fax this to you?
Liane,
manipulate the  El Paso San Juan monthly index.  It appears that a single 
buyer entered the marketplace on both September 26 and 27 and paid above 
market prices ($4.70-$4.80) for San Juan gas.  At the time of these trades, 
offers for physical gas at significantly (10 to 15 cents) lower prices were 
bypassed in order to establish higher trades to report into the index 
calculation.  Additionally, these trades are out of line with the associated 
financial swaps for San Juan.
September 25 to September 27.  These are the complete list of trades from 
Enron Online (EOL), Enron's direct phone conversations, and three brokerage 
firms (Amerex, APB, and Prebon).  Please see the attached spreadsheet for a 
trade by trade list and a summary.  We have also included a summary of gas 
daily prices to illustrate the value of San Juan based on several spread 
relationships.  The two key points from this data are as follows:
than the high financial trades (4.6375,4.665) on those days. 
Northwest)  is  consistent between the end of September and 
are dramatically different.
trades submitted will reveal counterparty names and you will be able to 
determine that there was only one buyer in the 4.70's and these trades are 
outliers.  I wanted to give you some additional points of reference to aid in 
establishing a reasonable index.  It is Enron's belief that the trades at 
calculation of index.
conduct our physical and financial business.  Please contact me 
anytime I can assist you towards this goal.
Sincerely,
Phillip Allen
Liane,
manipulate the  El Paso San Juan monthly index.  A single buyer entered the 
marketplace on both September 26 and 27 and paid above market prices 
time of these trades, offers for physical gas at significantly (10 to 15 
cents) lower prices were bypassed in order to establish higher trades to 
report into the index calculation.  Additionally, these trades are out of 
line with the associated financial swaps for San Juan.
September 25 to September 27.  These are the complete list of trades from 
Enron Online (EOL), Enron's direct phone conversations, and three brokerage 
firms (Amerex, APB, and Prebon).  Please see the attached spreadsheet for a 
trade by trade list and a summary.  We have also included a summary of gas 
daily prices to illustrate the value of San Juan based on several spread 
relationships.  The two key points from this data are as follows:
than the high financial trades (4.6375,4.665) on those days. 
Northwest)  is  consistent between the end of September and 
are dramatically different.
trades submitted will reveal counterparty names and you will be able to 
determine that there was only one buyer in the 4.70's and these trades are 
outliers.  I wanted to give you some additional points of reference to aid in 
establishing a reasonable index.  It is Enron's belief that the trades at 
calculation of index.
conduct our physical and financial business.  Please contact me 
anytime I can assist you towards this goal.
Sincerely,
Phillip Allen
Phillip,
moving out and I wknow that I will be able to rent it real fast.All I HAVE
a wk and 175.00 deposit they will be in by Thursday or Friday.
Please respond to <cbpres@austin.rr.com>
STRUCTURE:
Typically the structure is a limited partnership with a corporate (or LLC)
general partner.  The General Partner owns 1% of the project and carries the
liability of construction.
LAND OWNERSHIP & LOANS
The property would be purchased in the name of the limited partnership and
any land loans, land improvements loans and construction loans would be in
the name of the limited partnership.  Each of the individual investors and
all of the principals in Creekside would also personally guarantee the
loans.  If the investor(s) do not sign on the loans, this generally means
that a larger amount of cash is required and the investor's share of profits
is reduced.
All loans for residential construction, that are intended for re-sale, are
full recourse loans.  If we are pursuing multifamily rental developments,
the construction loans are still full recourse but the mortgage can often be
non-recourse.
USE OF INITIAL INVESTMENT
The initial investment is used for land deposit, engineering &
architectural design, soils tests, surveys, filing fees, legal fees for
organization and condominium association formation,  and appraisals.  Unlike
many real estate investment programs, none of the funds are used for fees to
Creekside Builders, LLC.  These professional expenses will be incurred over
the estimated 6 month design and approval period.
EARLY LAND COSTS
The $4,000 per month costs listed in the cash flow as part of land cost
represent the extension fees due to the seller for up to 4 months of
extensions on closing.  As an alternative, we can close into a land loan at
probably 70% of appraised value.  With a land value equal to the purchase
price of $680,000 this would mean a land loan of $476,000 with estimated
monthly interest payments of $3,966, given a 10% annual interest rate, plus
approximately 1.25% of the loan amount for closing costs and loan fees.
EQUITY AT IMPROVEMENT LOAN
Once the site plan is approved by the City of Austin, the City will require
the development entity to post funds for fiscal improvements, referred to as
the "fiscals".  This cost represents a bond for the completion of
improvements that COA considers vital and these funds are released once the
improvements have been completed and accepted by COA.  This release will be
for 90% of the cost with the remaining 10% released one year after
completion.  Releases can be granted once every 90 days and you should
expect that the release would occur 6 months after the start of lot
improvement construction.  These fiscals are usually posted in cash or an
irrevocable letter of credit.  As such, they have to be counted as a
development cost, even though they are not spent.  Because they are not
spent no interest is charged on these funds.
The lot improvement loan is typically 75% of the appraised value of a
finished lot, which I suspect will be at least $20,000 and potentially as
high as $25,000.  This would produce a loan amount of  $15,000 on $20,000
per lot.  With estimated per lot improvement costs of $9,000, 'fiscals' at
which means $0 to $4,000 per lot in total equity.  The investment prior to
obtaining the improvement loan would count towards any equity requirement
provided it was for direct costs.  Thus, the additional equity for the
improvement loan would be $0-$184,000.   Even if the maximum loan would
cover all costs, it is unlikely the bank would allow reimbursement of funds
spent. The higher estimates of equity investments are shown in the
preliminary proforma to be on the safe side.  The engineer is preparing a
tentative site layout with an initial evaluation of the phasing, which can
significantly reduce the cash equity requirement.
Phasing works as follows.  If the first phase was say 40 units, the total
lot improvement cost might average $31,000 per lot.   Of this, probably
improvements are higher to cover large one time up front costs for design
costs, the entry road, water treatment costs, perimeter fencing and
landscaping, and so on, as well as for 100% of the land.  The land loan for
undeveloped lots would be 70% of the appraised raw lot value, which I would
estimate as $10,000 per lot for a loan value of $7,000 per lot.  Then the
loan value for each improved lot would be $15,000 per lot.  This would give
you a total loan of $992,000, total cost of $1,232,645 for equity required
of $241,000.  This was not presented in the initial analysis as the phasing
is depended on a more careful assessment by the Civil Engineer as the
separate phases must each be able to stand on its own from a utility
standpoint.
CONSTRUCTION LOANS
There are three types of  construction loans.  First, is a speculative
a construction loan for a pre-sold unit, but the loan remains in the
loan in the name of the buyer.  We expect to have up to 8 spec loans to
start the project and expect all other loans to be pre-sold units with loans
construction loans in the name of the buyers, as such loans are too
difficult to manage and please new buyers unfamiliar with the process.
Spec loans will be for 70% to 75% of value and construction loans for
pre-sold units, if the construction loan is from the mortgage lender,  will
be from 80% to 95% of value.
DISBURSEMENTS
Disbursements will be handled by the General Partner to cover current and
near term third party costs, then to necessary reserves, then to priority
payments and then to the partners per the agreement.  The General Partner
will contract with Creekside Builders, LLC to construct the units and the
fee to CB will include a construction management and overhead fee equal to
These fees are the only monies to Creekside, Larry Lewter or myself prior to
calculation of profit, except for a) direct reimbursement for partnership
expenses and b) direct payment to CB for any subcontractor costs that it has
cannot find enough trim carpenters, etc., and it decides to undertake this
function, it will charge the partnership the same fee it was able to obtain
from third parties and will disclose those cases to the partnership.
Finally, CB will receive a fee for the use of any of its equipment if it is
used in lieu of leasing equipment from others.  At present CB does not own
any significant equipment, but it is considering the purchase of a sky track
REPORTING
We are more than willing to provide reports to track expenses vs. plan.
What did you have in mind?  I would like to use some form of internet based
reporting.
BOOKKEEPING
I am not sure what you are referring to by the question, "Bookkeeping
procedures to record actual expenses?"  Please expand.
INVESTOR INPUT
We are glad to have the investor's input on design and materials.  As always
the question will be who has final say if there is disagreement, but in my
experience I have always been able to reach consensus. As you, and I presume
Keith, want to be involved to learn as much as possible we would make every
effort to be accommodating.
CREEKSIDE PROCEEDURES
CB procedures for dealing with subs, vendors and professionals is not as
formal as your question indicates.  In the EXTREMELY tight labor market
obtaining 3 bids for each labor trade is not feasible.  For the professional
subs we use those with whom we have developed a previous rapport.  Finally,
for vendors they are constantly shopped.
PRE-SELECTED PROFESSIONALS, SUBS AND VENDORS
Yes there are many different subs that have been identified and I can
provide these if you are interested.
I know I have not answered everything, but this is a starting point.  Call
when you have reviewed and we can discuss further.
Sincerely,
George Richards
President, Creekside Builders, LLC
No can do.  
Please respond to <cbpres@austin.rr.com>
STRUCTURE:
Typically the structure is a limited partnership with a corporate (or LLC)
general partner.  The General Partner owns 1% of the project and carries the
liability of construction.
LAND OWNERSHIP & LOANS
The property would be purchased in the name of the limited partnership and
any land loans, land improvements loans and construction loans would be in
the name of the limited partnership.  Each of the individual investors and
all of the principals in Creekside would also personally guarantee the
loans.  If the investor(s) do not sign on the loans, this generally means
that a larger amount of cash is required and the investor's share of profits
is reduced.
All loans for residential construction, that are intended for re-sale, are
full recourse loans.  If we are pursuing multifamily rental developments,
the construction loans are still full recourse but the mortgage can often be
non-recourse.
USE OF INITIAL INVESTMENT
The initial investment is used for land deposit, engineering &
architectural design, soils tests, surveys, filing fees, legal fees for
organization and condominium association formation,  and appraisals.  Unlike
many real estate investment programs, none of the funds are used for fees to
Creekside Builders, LLC.  These professional expenses will be incurred over
the estimated 6 month design and approval period.
EARLY LAND COSTS
The $4,000 per month costs listed in the cash flow as part of land cost
represent the extension fees due to the seller for up to 4 months of
extensions on closing.  As an alternative, we can close into a land loan at
probably 70% of appraised value.  With a land value equal to the purchase
price of $680,000 this would mean a land loan of $476,000 with estimated
monthly interest payments of $3,966, given a 10% annual interest rate, plus
approximately 1.25% of the loan amount for closing costs and loan fees.
EQUITY AT IMPROVEMENT LOAN
Once the site plan is approved by the City of Austin, the City will require
the development entity to post funds for fiscal improvements, referred to as
the "fiscals".  This cost represents a bond for the completion of
improvements that COA considers vital and these funds are released once the
improvements have been completed and accepted by COA.  This release will be
for 90% of the cost with the remaining 10% released one year after
completion.  Releases can be granted once every 90 days and you should
expect that the release would occur 6 months after the start of lot
improvement construction.  These fiscals are usually posted in cash or an
irrevocable letter of credit.  As such, they have to be counted as a
development cost, even though they are not spent.  Because they are not
spent no interest is charged on these funds.
The lot improvement loan is typically 75% of the appraised value of a
finished lot, which I suspect will be at least $20,000 and potentially as
high as $25,000.  This would produce a loan amount of  $15,000 on $20,000
per lot.  With estimated per lot improvement costs of $9,000, 'fiscals' at
which means $0 to $4,000 per lot in total equity.  The investment prior to
obtaining the improvement loan would count towards any equity requirement
provided it was for direct costs.  Thus, the additional equity for the
improvement loan would be $0-$184,000.   Even if the maximum loan would
cover all costs, it is unlikely the bank would allow reimbursement of funds
spent. The higher estimates of equity investments are shown in the
preliminary proforma to be on the safe side.  The engineer is preparing a
tentative site layout with an initial evaluation of the phasing, which can
significantly reduce the cash equity requirement.
Phasing works as follows.  If the first phase was say 40 units, the total
lot improvement cost might average $31,000 per lot.   Of this, probably
improvements are higher to cover large one time up front costs for design
costs, the entry road, water treatment costs, perimeter fencing and
landscaping, and so on, as well as for 100% of the land.  The land loan for
undeveloped lots would be 70% of the appraised raw lot value, which I would
estimate as $10,000 per lot for a loan value of $7,000 per lot.  Then the
loan value for each improved lot would be $15,000 per lot.  This would give
you a total loan of $992,000, total cost of $1,232,645 for equity required
of $241,000.  This was not presented in the initial analysis as the phasing
is depended on a more careful assessment by the Civil Engineer as the
separate phases must each be able to stand on its own from a utility
standpoint.
CONSTRUCTION LOANS
There are three types of  construction loans.  First, is a speculative
a construction loan for a pre-sold unit, but the loan remains in the
loan in the name of the buyer.  We expect to have up to 8 spec loans to
start the project and expect all other loans to be pre-sold units with loans
construction loans in the name of the buyers, as such loans are too
difficult to manage and please new buyers unfamiliar with the process.
Spec loans will be for 70% to 75% of value and construction loans for
pre-sold units, if the construction loan is from the mortgage lender,  will
be from 80% to 95% of value.
DISBURSEMENTS
Disbursements will be handled by the General Partner to cover current and
near term third party costs, then to necessary reserves, then to priority
payments and then to the partners per the agreement.  The General Partner
will contract with Creekside Builders, LLC to construct the units and the
fee to CB will include a construction management and overhead fee equal to
These fees are the only monies to Creekside, Larry Lewter or myself prior to
calculation of profit, except for a) direct reimbursement for partnership
expenses and b) direct payment to CB for any subcontractor costs that it has
cannot find enough trim carpenters, etc., and it decides to undertake this
function, it will charge the partnership the same fee it was able to obtain
from third parties and will disclose those cases to the partnership.
Finally, CB will receive a fee for the use of any of its equipment if it is
used in lieu of leasing equipment from others.  At present CB does not own
any significant equipment, but it is considering the purchase of a sky track
REPORTING
We are more than willing to provide reports to track expenses vs. plan.
What did you have in mind?  I would like to use some form of internet based
reporting.
BOOKKEEPING
I am not sure what you are referring to by the question, "Bookkeeping
procedures to record actual expenses?"  Please expand.
INVESTOR INPUT
We are glad to have the investor's input on design and materials.  As always
the question will be who has final say if there is disagreement, but in my
experience I have always been able to reach consensus. As you, and I presume
Keith, want to be involved to learn as much as possible we would make every
effort to be accommodating.
CREEKSIDE PROCEEDURES
CB procedures for dealing with subs, vendors and professionals is not as
formal as your question indicates.  In the EXTREMELY tight labor market
obtaining 3 bids for each labor trade is not feasible.  For the professional
subs we use those with whom we have developed a previous rapport.  Finally,
for vendors they are constantly shopped.
PRE-SELECTED PROFESSIONALS, SUBS AND VENDORS
Yes there are many different subs that have been identified and I can
provide these if you are interested.
I know I have not answered everything, but this is a starting point.  Call
when you have reviewed and we can discuss further.
Sincerely,
George Richards
President, Creekside Builders, LLC
Chairperson: Richard Burchfield
This meeting repeats   starting on    (if the date occurs on a weekend the 
meeting ).
Meeting Dates: 
Detailed description:
Chairperson: Richard Burchfield
This meeting repeats   starting on    (if the date occurs on a weekend the 
meeting ).
Meeting Dates: 
Detailed description:
Status update:
Fletcher J Sturm -> No Response
Scott Neal -> No Response
Hunter S Shively -> No Response
Phillip K Allen -> No Response
Allan Severude -> Accepted
Scott Mills -> Accepted
Russ Severson -> No Response
Chairperson: Richard Burchfield
Description: Gas Trading Vision Meeting - Room EB2601
This meeting repeats   starting on    (if the date occurs on a weekend the 
meeting ).
Meeting Dates: 
Detailed description:
Chairperson: Richard Burchfield
Description: Gas Trading Vision Meeting - Room EB2601
This meeting repeats   starting on    (if the date occurs on a weekend the 
meeting ).
Meeting Dates: 
Detailed description:
Status update:
Phillip K Allen -> No Response
Hunter S Shively -> No Response
Scott Mills -> No Response
Allan Severude -> Accepted
Jeffrey C Gossett -> Accepted
Colleen Sullivan -> No Response
Russ Severson -> No Response
Jayant Krishnaswamy -> Accepted
Russell Long -> Accepted
Chairperson: Richard Burchfield
This meeting repeats   starting on    (if the date occurs on a weekend the 
meeting ).
Meeting Dates: 
Detailed description:
Chairperson: Richard Burchfield
This meeting repeats   starting on    (if the date occurs on a weekend the 
meeting ).
Meeting Dates: 
Detailed description:
Status update:
Fletcher J Sturm -> No Response
Scott Neal -> No Response
Hunter S Shively -> No Response
Phillip K Allen -> No Response
Allan Severude -> Accepted
Scott Mills -> Accepted
Russ Severson -> Accepted
This meeting has been moved to 4:00 on Wed. in room 2601.  I have sent a 
confirmation to each of you via Lotus Notes.  Sorry for all of the changes 
but there was a scheduling problem with a couple of people for the original 
time slot. 
Chairperson: Richard Burchfield
Description: Gas Trading Vision Meeting - Room EB2556
This meeting repeats   starting on    (if the date occurs on a weekend the 
meeting ).
Meeting Dates: 
Detailed description:
I have scheduled and entered on each of your calendars a meeting for the 
Jeff, 
Is the closing today?? After reviewing the  agreement?I find it isn't binding 
as far as I can determine.? It is  too vague and it doesn't sound like 
anything an attorney or title company  would?draft for a real estate 
closing--but, of course, I could be  wrong.? 
If this?closing is going to take place without  this agreement then there is 
no point in me  following up on this?document's validity.? 
I will just need to go back to my closing documents  and see what's there and 
find out where I am with that and deal with this as  best I can.
I guess I was expecting something that would be an  exhibit to a recordable 
document or something a little more exact, or  rather?sort of a contract.? 
This isn't either.? I tried to get a  real estate atty on the phone last 
night but he was out of pocket.? I  talked to a crim. atty friend and he said 
this is out of his area but doesn't  sound binding to him.? 
I will go back to mine and Phillip Allen's  transaction?and take a look at 
that but as vague and general as this is I  doubt that my signature? is even 
needed to complete this transaction.?  I am in after 12 noon if there is any 
need to contact me regarding the  closing.
I really do not want to hold up anything or  generate more work for myself 
and I don't want to insult or annoy anyone but  this paper really doesn't 
seem to be something required for a closing.? In  the event you do need my 
signature on something like this I would rather have  time to have it 
reviewed before I accept it.
Brenda
Randy,
scheduling group.  Plus your thoughts on any changes that need to be made.  
Greg,
Please cc the following distribution list with updates:
Phillip Allen (pallen@enron.com)
Mike Grigsby (mike.grigsby@enron.com)
Keith Holst (kholst@enron.com)
Monique Sanchez
Frank Ermis
John Lavorato
Thank you for your help
Phillip Allen
Chris,
regarding EOL.
Chairperson: Richard Burchfield
This meeting repeats   starting on    (if the date occurs on a weekend the 
meeting ).
Meeting Dates: 
Detailed description:
For   1 hour  
Chairperson: Richard Burchfield
This meeting repeats   starting on    (if the date occurs on a weekend the 
meeting ).
Meeting Dates: 
Detailed description:
I would support Matt Lenhart's promotion to the next level.
Greg,
Happy B-day. Email me your phone # and I will call you.
Kathy,
Regarding the guest password for gas daily, can you please relay the 
information to Mike Grigsby at 37031 so he can pass it along to the user at 
gas daily today.  I will be out of the office on Friday.
thank you
John,
and Thursday.
George,
project:
capacity(regarding ownership and 
schedule?
are distributed?
is associated with each 
for investors?
paid a markup on subcontractors as a 
before the ultimate payout of profits?
planning and permitting?
vendors, and other professionals? 
use? Names?
These questions are probably very basic to you, but as a first time investor 
in a project like this it is new to me.  Also, I want to learn as
much as possible from the process.
Phillip
Please respond to <cbpres@austin.rr.com>
Enclosed is the preliminary proforma for the Westgate property is Austin
that we told you about.  As you can tell from the proforma this project
should produce a truly exceptional return of over 40% per year over 3 years.
This is especially attractive when the project is in a market as strong as
Austin and we are introducing new product that in a very low price range for
this market.  This is the best project in terms of risk and reward that we
have uncovered to date in the Austin market.
The project does have approved zoning and will only require a site plan.  As
it is in the "Smart Growth Corridor" area designated by the City of Austin
for preferred development, this will be fast tracked and should be complete
in less than 6 months.  Additionally, many of the current and more severe
water treatment ordinances have been waived.  I have estimated the lot
improvement costs based on a 28 lot development we investigated in North
widening.  Even though this property is not likely to require street
requirement, I used this data to be cautious.
expected to impact sales significantly.  Other projects have been quite
successful with identical relationships to this pipeline, such as the
adjoining single family residential and a project at St. Edwards University.
As with most infill projects, the quality of the surrounding neighborhoods
is uneven.  We have included a fence around the entire property, but may
only put it on Westgate and Cameron Loop.  Gated communities are far
preferred so this is a good idea for both screening and current buyer
preferences.
The seller accepted our offer Thursday evening with a price of $680,000 and
an extended escrow.  This will enable us to probably obtain an approved site
plan before closing on the contract, which will mean that we can close into
an A&D Loan rather than into a land loan and then an improvement loan.
This analysis shows your investment at $700,000 for a 50% interest in the
profits of the project.  As we discussed in San Marcos, we can also discuss
having you invest only in the lots, sell the lots to the construction entity
with your profit in the lot.  I believe this would facilitate the use of a
rental deal or at least into the land for a rental project that would then
be the equity for that project.  You would need to discuss this with an
exchange expert first.  Larry Lewter knows an expert in the field in San
Antonio if you do not know anyone.
I will send you a package on the property that was prepared by the broker,
by Airborne Express today for Saturday delivery.
Once you have read the package and reviewed this proforma, we would want to
schedule a tour of the site and the area.  Please get back to me as soon as
your schedule permits regarding the site visit and feel free to call at any
time.  You can reach me over the weekend and in the evening at either
on this project that is sure to be a major winner.
I regret that it took so long to get back to you, but we had some unusual
events these past few weeks.  A small freakish wind storm with severe 60+mpg
downdrafts hit the South part of Austin where we are building 10 town homes.
One of these units had just had the roof decked with the siding scheduled to
start the next day.  The severe downdraft hitting the decked roof was enough
another week to get every thing back on tract.  Then last week I had to take
my wife  to emergency.  She has a bulge in the material between the vertebra
in her spine and it causes her extreme pain and has kept her bedridden this
past week..  There is nothing like having your wife incapacitated to realize
the enormous number of things she does everyday.   Fortunately, it looks as
if she will be ok in the long run.
George W. Richards
Creekside Builders, LLC
George,
under construction.  I am having a hard time justifying paying much more with 
competition on the way.  The price I am bidding is higher than any deals 
actually done to date.   
about Cherry Creek.  I am sure Deborah Yates let you know that the bid was 
rejected on the De Ville property.
Phillip Allen
Jeff,
Jeff,
approval from Brenda Key Stone before I can sell this property and she has 
concerns about the way the property will be subdivided.    I would also like 
Lucy,
I want to have an accurate rent roll as soon as possible. I faxed you a copy 
of this file.  You can fill in on the computer or just write in the correct 
amounts and I will input.
Brenda,
August 28th.  I mailed it to 4303 Pate Rd. #29, College Station, TX 77845.  I 
will go ahead and mail you another check.  If the first one shows up you can 
treat the 2nd as payment for October.
getting the details and getting your approval.
please remove my name and information from the registered user list.  Do not 
sell my information.
Lucy,
You wrote fewer checks this month.  Spent more money on Materials and less on 
Labor.
Services  53  581  464
Labor   3187  3428  2770
Here are my questions on the August bank statement (attached):
Try and pull together the support for these items and get back to me.
Michael Etringer
Phillip,
Attached is the list.  Have your people fill in the columns highlighted in 
yellow.  As best can we will try not to overlap on accounts. 
Thanks, Mike
Please respond to <cbpres@austin.rr.com>
Enclosed is the preliminary proforma for the Westgate property is Austin
that we told you about.  As you can tell from the proforma this project
should produce a truly exceptional return of over 40% per year over 3 years.
This is especially attractive when the project is in a market as strong as
Austin and we are introducing new product that in a very low price range for
this market.  This is the best project in terms of risk and reward that we
have uncovered to date in the Austin market.
The project does have approved zoning and will only require a site plan.  As
it is in the "Smart Growth Corridor" area designated by the City of Austin
for preferred development, this will be fast tracked and should be complete
in less than 6 months.  Additionally, many of the current and more severe
water treatment ordinances have been waived.  I have estimated the lot
improvement costs based on a 28 lot development we investigated in North
widening.  Even though this property is not likely to require street
requirement, I used this data to be cautious.
expected to impact sales significantly.  Other projects have been quite
successful with identical relationships to this pipeline, such as the
adjoining single family residential and a project at St. Edwards University.
As with most infill projects, the quality of the surrounding neighborhoods
is uneven.  We have included a fence around the entire property, but may
only put it on Westgate and Cameron Loop.  Gated communities are far
preferred so this is a good idea for both screening and current buyer
preferences.
The seller accepted our offer Thursday evening with a price of $680,000 and
an extended escrow.  This will enable us to probably obtain an approved site
plan before closing on the contract, which will mean that we can close into
an A&D Loan rather than into a land loan and then an improvement loan.
This analysis shows your investment at $700,000 for a 50% interest in the
profits of the project.  As we discussed in San Marcos, we can also discuss
having you invest only in the lots, sell the lots to the construction entity
with your profit in the lot.  I believe this would facilitate the use of a
rental deal or at least into the land for a rental project that would then
be the equity for that project.  You would need to discuss this with an
exchange expert first.  Larry Lewter knows an expert in the field in San
Antonio if you do not know anyone.
I will send you a package on the property that was prepared by the broker,
by Airborne Express today for Saturday delivery.
Once you have read the package and reviewed this proforma, we would want to
schedule a tour of the site and the area.  Please get back to me as soon as
your schedule permits regarding the site visit and feel free to call at any
time.  You can reach me over the weekend and in the evening at either
on this project that is sure to be a major winner.
I regret that it took so long to get back to you, but we had some unusual
events these past few weeks.  A small freakish wind storm with severe 60+mpg
downdrafts hit the South part of Austin where we are building 10 town homes.
One of these units had just had the roof decked with the siding scheduled to
start the next day.  The severe downdraft hitting the decked roof was enough
another week to get every thing back on tract.  Then last week I had to take
my wife  to emergency.  She has a bulge in the material between the vertebra
in her spine and it causes her extreme pain and has kept her bedridden this
past week..  There is nothing like having your wife incapacitated to realize
the enormous number of things she does everyday.   Fortunately, it looks as
if she will be ok in the long run.
George W. Richards
Creekside Builders, LLC
Jeff,
am booked with stage coach.  I will drive by Friday evening.
when Chelsea Villa last changed hands and for what price?
we have to get Brenda happy.
Socal  36,600  37,200  -600
NWPL  -51,000  -51,250  250
San Juan -32,500  -32,000  -500
The reason the benchmark report shows net selling San Juan is that the 
and 200 longs to Socal.  Before this adjustment we bought 300 San Juan and 
sold 800 Socal.
why is aeco basis so low on the list?  Is NWPL mapped differently than AECO?  
Jeff,
I might become involved with Creekside.  Are you in the business of brokering 
properties or contacts?  Is your position based on a legal or what you 
perceive to be an ethical issue?  Did you propose we look at developing a 
project from scratch?
Please respond to <cbpres@austin.rr.com>
I was aware that Regan Lehman, the lot developer for the entire 70 lot
duplex project, was selling his units in the $180's,  He does have a much
lower basis in the lots than anyone else, but the prime differences are due
We do not know the exact size of each of his units, but we believe one of
footage of 1233, which would be $73.80 psf at $182,000.  (I thought his
sales price was $187,000.)  At this price psf our 1,376 sf unit would sell
for $203,108.
What is more important, in my view, is a) the rental rate and b) the
rent-ability.  You have all of our current rental and cost data for your own
evaluation.  As for rent-ability, I believe that we have shown that the
were able to purchase additional lots from Regan we would build 4 bedroom
units along with the 3-bedroom plan.
Phillip, I will call you today to go over this more thoroughly.
Sincerely,
George W. Richards
Creekside Builders, LLC
Please respond to <cbpres@austin.rr.com>
Enclosed is the preliminary proforma for the Westgate property is Austin
that we told you about.  As you can tell from the proforma this project
should produce a truly exceptional return of over 40% per year over 3 years.
This is especially attractive when the project is in a market as strong as
Austin and we are introducing new product that in a very low price range for
this market.  This is the best project in terms of risk and reward that we
have uncovered to date in the Austin market.
The project does have approved zoning and will only require a site plan.  As
it is in the "Smart Growth Corridor" area designated by the City of Austin
for preferred development, this will be fast tracked and should be complete
in less than 6 months.  Additionally, many of the current and more severe
water treatment ordinances have been waived.  I have estimated the lot
improvement costs based on a 28 lot development we investigated in North
widening.  Even though this property is not likely to require street
requirement, I used this data to be cautious.
expected to impact sales significantly.  Other projects have been quite
successful with identical relationships to this pipeline, such as the
adjoining single family residential and a project at St. Edwards University.
As with most infill projects, the quality of the surrounding neighborhoods
is uneven.  We have included a fence around the entire property, but may
only put it on Westgate and Cameron Loop.  Gated communities are far
preferred so this is a good idea for both screening and current buyer
preferences.
The seller accepted our offer Thursday evening with a price of $680,000 and
an extended escrow.  This will enable us to probably obtain an approved site
plan before closing on the contract, which will mean that we can close into
an A&D Loan rather than into a land loan and then an improvement loan.
This analysis shows your investment at $700,000 for a 50% interest in the
profits of the project.  As we discussed in San Marcos, we can also discuss
having you invest only in the lots, sell the lots to the construction entity
with your profit in the lot.  I believe this would facilitate the use of a
rental deal or at least into the land for a rental project that would then
be the equity for that project.  You would need to discuss this with an
exchange expert first.  Larry Lewter knows an expert in the field in San
Antonio if you do not know anyone.
I will send you a package on the property that was prepared by the broker,
by Airborne Express today for Saturday delivery.
Once you have read the package and reviewed this proforma, we would want to
schedule a tour of the site and the area.  Please get back to me as soon as
your schedule permits regarding the site visit and feel free to call at any
time.  You can reach me over the weekend and in the evening at either
on this project that is sure to be a major winner.
I regret that it took so long to get back to you, but we had some unusual
events these past few weeks.  A small freakish wind storm with severe 60+mpg
downdrafts hit the South part of Austin where we are building 10 town homes.
One of these units had just had the roof decked with the siding scheduled to
start the next day.  The severe downdraft hitting the decked roof was enough
another week to get every thing back on tract.  Then last week I had to take
my wife  to emergency.  She has a bulge in the material between the vertebra
in her spine and it causes her extreme pain and has kept her bedridden this
past week..  There is nothing like having your wife incapacitated to realize
the enormous number of things she does everyday.   Fortunately, it looks as
if she will be ok in the long run.
George W. Richards
Creekside Builders, LLC
Hello, Everyone -
RTO West will hold two days of meetings Monday, February 11, and Tuesday, February 12, 2002 to review, discuss and seek consensus on the draft filing that RTO West is preparing to submit to FERC.  The meetings will give Regional Representatives an opportunity to prioritize and explain their key issues to the RTO West principals before the filing planned for March 1, 2002.
The meetings will be Monday, February 11, from 8:30 a.m. until 5:00 p.m. and Tuesday, February 12, from 8:30 a.m. until 4:00 p.m. at the Shilo Inn located at 11707 NE Airport Way.  The Shilo Inn is about 2-3 miles east of the Portland Airport and east of I-205.  From I-205 take exit 24 from the north or exit 24B from the south.  If you need overnight accommodations, the Shilo Inn phone number is 503-252-7500.
The meetings will focus on discussing the substantive issues that RRG members raise during the meeting.  To the extent possible, Regional Representatives are encouraged to confer with other stakeholders in developing their input.  Because there is also an opportunity to submit written comments on the drafts until close of business February 15, we encourage participants to bring up substantive input at the meeting and rely on written submittals for providing detailed comments.
We recognize that there is alot of material to cover during the two days of meetings.  A proposed agenda and proposed time allocation is attached so you can estimate when topics you are interested in will come up.  However, we will be as flexible as possible.
Thank you,
Christine Elliott,
RTO West Coordinating Team
chrisrtowest@earthlink.net <mailto:chrisrtowest@earthlink.net>
Anybody have candidates for this?
Tim
Mike N, can you give me some guidance regarding how much cost per person or how much cost total you would be prepared to pay.  Again, he is trying to fill up a class that is about to be cancelled, and I think he would be willing to negotiate.
Tim, would you or anyone on your floor have any interest in this?
Michael
Thank you for using our automated self service password reset option.    
The user id and password in SAP (Apollo Production and HR Production), eHRonline, iBuyit and iPayit are all synchronized.  When you reset your password in eHRonline, it automatically synchronizes the password in the other systems.  
Please follow the steps to reset and synchronize your passwords.
IF YOU NEED FURTHER ASSISTANCE, CONTACT THE ISC HELP DESK AT:  713-345-4727
Last night our main 'Server' failed, and we have been working since to restore service.
It looks like we lost NO data
For the time, you cannot get to your H:, P:, W:, R: (Local Drives)
I have no ETA.
You will have trouble starting some programs.
Terminal Server is UNAFFECTED:
Houston Based Data is UNAFFECTED:
Victor and Paul are available to help get you with anything we can.
Thank you for your patience
Sean, I am working with Nikolay in Enpower IT (Bill Crook's and Will Smith's group) on this project.  They advised the week after next week they shall give us something to test on.  I will update you on that when it happens.
Fran Chang
West Power Risk Management
I think that if the Enpower guys can modify the Build Route Reports to have a check box that says Exclude DART deals, and have it default to the checked position.
That should take care of it.
Sean:
Thanks,
Fran Chang
West Power Risk Management
I think that if the Enpower guys can modify the Build Route Reports to have a check box that says Exclude DART deals, and have it default to the checked position.
That should take care of it.
Sean:
Thanks,
Fran Chang
West Power Risk Management
Sean:
Thanks,
Fran Chang
West Power Risk Management
I would like to get it to someone at FERC on Thursday.
Alan,
There are some problems with your attachment.  When are you sending this?
Ray,
I would like the bring up the attached fact sheet and the market notice below (already brought to your attention by Dave Perrino) with Scott Miller and Bob Pease, as appropriate.
Chris Mallory:
Can you read the attached fact sheet for accuracy?  Thanks,
Alan Comnes
Normally I'd say this is unbelievable...but considering who sent it, I can't say I'm surprised...
Ray,
Should we take this up with Bob Pease, or since it was inadequate to begin with, just forget it?
Dave
ISO Market Participants:
MARKET NOTICE
November 5, 2001
Publication of Real Time Energy Information
ISO Market Participants
SC Settlement Contacts
Last Friday, the ISO informed you that effective today it would begin
publishing on OASIS additional information about real time energy purchases.
Based on concerns and issues raised by CERS and the State of California, the
ISO is delaying this publication.  We will provide you with additional
information later this week.
If you have questions or would like additional information, please contact
Byron Woertz at bwoertz@caiso.com <mailto:bwoertz@caiso.com> or (916)
Client Relations Communications
Sean,
Here's the URL:
Login Name: timmyh
Password: humptydumpty
This will get you access to multiple Henwood services. 
The one that gives the plant performance stats is 
GenReporter, and you navigate it more or less the same 
way that you use our plant database: dropdown lists 
subset the plants by region, owner, type, etc. Once you 
see a list of plants, click on unit name for more data.
Please call if you have problems,
Ray,
I would like the bring up the attached fact sheet and the market notice below (already brought to your attention by Dave Perrino) with Scott Miller and Bob Pease, as appropriate.
Chris Mallory:
Can you read the attached fact sheet for accuracy?  Thanks,
Alan Comnes
Normally I'd say this is unbelievable...but considering who sent it, I can't say I'm surprised...
Ray,
Should we take this up with Bob Pease, or since it was inadequate to begin with, just forget it?
Dave
ISO Market Participants:
MARKET NOTICE
November 5, 2001
Publication of Real Time Energy Information
ISO Market Participants
SC Settlement Contacts
Last Friday, the ISO informed you that effective today it would begin
publishing on OASIS additional information about real time energy purchases.
Based on concerns and issues raised by CERS and the State of California, the
ISO is delaying this publication.  We will provide you with additional
information later this week.
If you have questions or would like additional information, please contact
Byron Woertz at bwoertz@caiso.com <mailto:bwoertz@caiso.com> or (916)
Client Relations Communications
Diana:
Thanks,
Fran Chang
West Power Risk Management
I believe Stewart is out both Wednesday and Thursday. I would like to meet with you and Diana anyway, so lets meet at noon on Wednesday. Can I take you to lunch?
Wednesday or Thursday around noon would be OK.
Diana & Sean,
I understand your trying to set a customer meeting with Grant and Chelan and Douglas. I would be happy to assist in any way I can. Also, I would like to sit down and talk with you about these and other Northwest consumer owned utilities. Will you please take a look at your schedules and let me know a convenient time. 
Diana-
Good Afternoon,
I would like to find out where we stand on a year-end market adjustment for Donald to match what he has been offered by BPA.  He is struggling and I would like to give him some kind of hope.
I would also like your opinion on whether you think it would be more beneficial for him to stay in the Specialist pool or to try for the Sr. Specialist pool.
Thanks,
When: Tuesday, November 06, 2001 10:00 AM-11:00 AM (GMT-08:00) Pacific Time (US & Canada); Tijuana.
Where: Conference Call--Comnes to patch folks in as needed
Hello, Everyone -
This confirms the next meeting of the RTO West Regional Representatives
Group (RRG) for Friday, November 9, at the Kingstad Meeting Center, Room F.
The meeting will start at 8:30 a.m. and by 12:30 p.m. The Kingstad Meeting
Center is in the same building as the RTO West administrative office.  We
will meet in the same room we used for the PJM-LMP Congestion Management
briefing with Seabron Adamson and Andrew Ott on October 23.  Coffee,
pastries, and jiuce will be served.
The address of the Kingstad Center is 5933 NE Win Sivers Drive, and as most
of you know, it is located about three miles directly east of the Portland
airport.  Go about three miles east on Airport Way and take a right on Win
Sivers Drive and right again at the second driveway.  Parking will be
available in Kingstad marked spaces as well as overflow parking in the
Leatherman's lot across the street.  If you have any questions about the
logistics for the meeting, please call Judy Welch at (503) 262-9421.
Early next week I'll send out an agenda for the meeting.
Have a great weekend.
Scott:
Thanks again for giving Ray and I a tour of your Market Observation Center on Monday
Attached are the figures I presented on Monday at the technical conference.  They will be filed with the Commission shortly.  I am sending them to you today, however,  in the hope that either your staff or the external auditor could look at this ATC issue as soon as possible.
The .zip file contains all the data that was used to prepare the charts and includes explanatory notes on how we computed the ATC value after CAISO revised their OASIS site beginning mid-2001.
Either Ray or I will call you in the next week to see if you were able to view this data and understand it.
Again thank you for your help.
Alan Comnes
Enron Corporation
Diana:
Remember we had those volumes in View Actuals for #517676.1?  
Diana and Sean:
Thanks,
Fran
I went into Scheduling to view these deals and they have been zeroed out.  I'm confused as to why they would appear in the view actuals in deal entry.  I believe these should synchronize, or they read off of one another. ??
diana
Deal # 517673.1 and 517674.1
HI Diana and Sean:
Thanks,
Fran
Hi Diana and Sean:
Thanks,
Fran 
Please plan to attend a conference call at 11:30 AM Central (9:30 PST) to discuss logistics for transferring activities supporting non-terminated West Power contracts.
Houston: Meet in ECS 4712
Portland: MO- Please let me know what conference room phone # we should call.
Sean, I got your name added back to the DL-Portland World Trade Center distribution list, but not before this email went out.  You should be getting all the emails sent to this distribution list from now on.  Sorry it took awhile to get this done for you.
This just came to me today.  This information is widely available to corporations and law enforcement around the country.  It will likely hit the media in the next day or so.  This is all the information that is available.
THE FBI IS IN POSSESSION OF UNCORROBORATED INFORMATION INDICATING THE
POSSIBILITY OF ADDITIONAL TERRORIST ATTACKS AGAINST THE UNITED STATES,
SPECIFICALLY THE WEST COAST.  REPORTEDLY, UNSPECIFIED GROUPS ARE
TARGETING SUSPENSION BRIDGES ON THE WEST COAST.  SIX INCIDENTS ARE TO
TAKE PLACE DURING RUSH HOUR BEGINNING FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 2 AND CONTINUING
THROUGH NOVEMBER 7, 2001.
NO FURTHER INFORMATION ABOUT THIS ALLEGED ATTACK IS KNOWN AT THIS TIME.
THE FBI IS ATTEMPTING TO VERIFY THE VALIDITY OF THIS REPORT.  RECIPIENTS
WILL BE UPDATED AS EVENTS WARRANT.
RECIPIENTS WHO RECEIVE OR DEVELOP INFORMATION RELATED TO THIS MATTER
SHOULD IMMEDIATELY CONTACT THEIR LOCAL FBI OFFICE.
We will keep you apprised if we receive any further information.
Thank you.
We have executed a commitment letter with two of our longstanding banking partners, JPMorgan (the investment banking arm of JPMorgan Chase & Co.) and Salomon Smith Barney (the investment banking arm of Citigroup Inc.), that will provide us with additional secured credit lines worth $1 billion.  Our Northern Natural Gas Company and Transwestern Pipeline Company will support these assets.  The proceeds will be used to supplement short-term liquidity and to refinance maturing obligations.
The pipelines are not being sold.  Enron is only using these assets for this new credit line.  Secured financing like this provides an expeditious way to increase liquidity and restore confidence.  We also have the capacity to increase this facility by an additional $200 million if we bring in additional banks to participate.
This money is in addition to the $3 billion in our credit lines we accessed last week to pay off short-term commercial debt and keep more than $1 billion in cash.
Here is a distributed press release.  I am working on getting access to the World Trade Center distribution list.  I did have access and now I don't but we'll get you added very soon.
FYI.  The latest press release from Enron.  We've appointed a new member of the Board of Directors and are preparing for a formal SEC investigation.
Sean:
Thanks,
Fran 
Diana and Sean:
Please also note the attached file is preliminary.  There could be more to come from Settlements between now and month-end.  I'll update you if that happens.  Please take a look at the items listed now and let me know if you have any questions.
Thank you,
Fran
Sean,
We have our Super Saturday's coming up on Nov 10 & Nov 17.  We need more interviewers for the 10th.  I would really appreciate your commitment for Saturday the 10th.  The day will begin at 8:30 and will be completed by 4:00 PM.  Both breakfast and lunch will be served.  Would you be available for the 10th or would the 17th be better?
Give me a call with any questions!  
Julie K
x7404
Attached are EPMI's comments that I will deliver orally on Monday afternoon at the FERC.
I am also attaching some backup slides, a listing of who will be on the two panels, the statement by Naeve on behalf of PGE, and statement Tabors on behalf of a TFG subset.  I want to re-read Tabors one more time but I expect that will we sign on in support.
Alan Comnes
Final Reminder
If you are a participant in the Enron Corp. Savings Plan, all trades among your investment funds must be completed by 3:00 PM CST Friday, October 26.
The attached press release was issued last night.
Please introduce yourself to him.
UM ,  NOBODY IS TRAINED HERE, WE HAVE HAD EXACTLY ONE DAY'S NOTICE TO PULL THIS TOGETHER!
Jason,
Why has this now changed to Monday from Thursday morning and who made this decision?
Will we be able to schedule Monday without the UBS folks?
MORNING AGENDA: 
W E E K E N D   S Y S T E M S   A V A I L A B I L I T Y
F O R
October 26, 2001 5:00pm through October 29, 2001 12:00am
All 3AC and 2AC employees will have no telephone or voicemail service during outage period. When power is restored to building, systems will be powered back up and telco services tested for dial tone and connectivity.
If you need access to 3AC anytime that Saturday, you will need to contact Trizechan Properties beforehand with your security information (Jael Olson at 713-336-2300).  Anyone who attempts to enter the building on Saturday that is not on the list will be denied access.
SCHEDULED SYSTEM OUTAGES: 
ARDMORE DATA CENTER - FACILITY OPERATIONS: No Scheduled Outages.
AZURIX: No Scheduled Outages.
EB34 DATA CENTER - FACILITY OPERATIONS: No Scheduled Outages.
EDI SERVER: 
Impact:  CORP
Outage:  EDI_QA disk re-org
Environments Impacted:  EES
Purpose: Improve disk utilization for future expansion.
Backout: Assign back to original disks.
Contact(s): 	John Kratzer  713-345-7672  
EES: 
Impact:  EES
Outage:  Migrate EESHOU-FS1to SAN
Environments Impacted:  EES
Purpose: New Cluster server is on SAN and SAN backups
This will provide better performance, server redundancy, and backups should complete without problems.
Backout: Take new server offline,
Bring up old servers
change users profiles back to original settings.
Contact(s): 	Roderic H Gerlach    713-345-3077
EI:  
Impact:  All servers in 3AC floors 17 and 35: List provided below
Outage:  3AC list of Server affected by outage
Environments Impacted:  EI
Purpose: There will be a complete power outage for the entire Three Allen Center Building.
Backout: No back out plan.
Contact(s): 	Tino Valor    713-853-7767
ENRON CENTER SOUTH DATA CENTER - FACILITY OPERATIONS: No Scheduled Outages
ENRON NORTH AMERICAN LANS:  No Scheduled Outages.
FIELD SERVICES:  No Scheduled Outages.
INTERNET: No Scheduled Outages.
MESSAGING: No Scheduled Outages.
MARKET DATA: No Scheduled Outages.
NT: No Scheduled Outages.
OTHER SYSTEMS: 
Impact:  CORP
Outage:  Reboot HR-DB-4 to add new disks
Environments Impacted:  All
Purpose: We need to remove the old arrays because of reliability issues. 
Backout: Connect the old arrays back to DB-4 and reboot.
Contact(s): 	Brandon Bangerter 713-345-4904   
Impact:  CORP
Outage:  sysAdmiral Outage
Environments Impacted:  Corp
Purpose: There is a possible bug in sysAdmiral when clocks adjust for daylight saving time, This is a precaution to take the system own during this time to prevent any possible problems that may occur.
Backout: We are only taking the services down on these machines no patches or upgrades, do not expect to see any problems. We expect the software company to be online provided we see any problems when we bring the systems back up.
Contact(s): 	Ryan Brennan  713-853-4545  
SITARA:  No Scheduled Outages.
TELEPHONY: 
Impact:  
Outage:  Power Down Lucent Switch & Voicemail @ 3AC
Environments Impacted:  All
Purpose: Scheduled power outage by 3AC Building Management.
Backout: 
Contact(s): 	Cynthia Siniard    713-853-0558
TERMINAL SERVER:  No Scheduled Outages.
UNIFY:  No Scheduled Outages.
Specific Help:
Information Risk Management			(713) 853-5536
Unify On-Call 					(713) 284-3757  [Pager]
Sitara On-Call					(713) 288-0101  [Pager]
CPR						(713) 284-4175  [Pager]
EDI Support 					(713) 327-3893  [Pager]
EES Help Desk					(713)853-9797 OR (888)853-9797
TDS -Trader Decision Support On-Call                    (713) 327-6032 [Pager]
coal strike is still in effect, but 3 coal units in the province have come back in the 
last day.  demand for energy on the BC-Alberta intertie will decrease significantly 
Please click on the attached icon or the Web address below to go to the most recent OASIS Posting.
If that doesn't work highlight and copy the address below, then paste it into the address line of your Web browser and hit "enter":
I went into Scheduling to view these deals and they have been zeroed out.  I'm confused as to why they would appear in the view actuals in deal entry.  I believe these should synchronize, or they read off of one another. ??
diana
Deal # 517673.1 and 517674.1
HI Diana and Sean:
Thanks,
Fran
Hi Diana and Sean:
Thanks,
Fran 
Thanks,
Michael S. Tully
Trade Floor Support, Portland
michael.tully@enron.com
We have not yet received your feedback.  Your input is
very valuable and to be included in the participant's
summary report, it must be received NO LATER THAN CLOSE
OF BUSINESS on Wednesday, October 24, 2001.  Without your
feedback, the participant may not receive a summary
report or be eligible to attend the program.
Executive Impact & Influence Program
Dear Sean Crandall,
As part of the Executive Impact and Influence Program,
each participant is asked to gather input on the
participant's own management styles and practices as
experienced by their immediate manager, each direct
You have been requested to provide feedback for a
participant attending the next program.  Your input
this program, Manager assessment, Direct Report
combined with the input of others and used by the
program participant to develop an action plan to
you are providing feedback as a Manager of the
participant, please note that your feedback will be
identified in the summary report.
It is important that you complete this assessment NO
LATER THAN CLOSE OF BUSINESS on Wednesday, October 24, 2001.
need the following Internet address and Password(s).
NOTE:  If you are providing feedback for more than one
person, each password and participant name is
individually listed below.
Open your Internet browser e.g., Internet Explorer or
Netscape Navigator, and please type or copy the URL
address below into your Internet browser (please DO NOT
go through Lotus Notes):
RQETFJ    (Stewart Rosman)
If you experience technical problems, please call
Dennis Ward at FSD Data Services, 713-942-8436.  If you
have any questions about this process, you may contact
LeRea Pharr at Enron, 713-345-8434, or Christi Smith at
Leadership Research Institute, 619-216-0404.
Mr. Crandall,
It's Chris Murphy here from UofO.  I have a few questions
that I forgot to ask during the interview.
If you have the time to answer them I would very
much appreciate it.  
Are new employees given demo accounts to paper
trade the markets prior to live trading?
If I were to be selected I would like to begin
Do you know of any good information and news sources 
that I could subscribe to in order to get charts, volume, 
open interest and other pertinent data?
Also, do you know of any good books that are devoted
exclusively to trading the energy markets?
I am very excited about this wonderful opportunity 
and I hope to be selected for Super Saturday.
Regards,
EPMI's request to participate in the 29 Oct 01 FERC conference was granted.  I will be on one of two panels and I will be given 5 minutes to give a statement.
I will be meeting with the West Desk folks on Tuesday morning (schedules permitting).  Please let me know if you want to participate in that meeting.
Here is who I think will be on these panels thusfar:
California Rep. Anna Eshoo (D Atherton)
Pacificorp
Allegheny Supply (anybody know who might be speaking for them?)
PGE Mike Naeve
EMPI Alan Comnes
CAISO
Puget Energy - Kimberly Harris
and 5  other parties
BPA and WPTF will not be speaking.
I was told Commissioners "may" be present.
Alan Comnes
All:
Please let me know if you will go.  I will be going and cam offer to drive.
Alan Comnes
Hello CMCG - 
As mentioned at the recent RRG meeting, RTO West has scheduled an informational briefing about the PJM Locational Marginal Pricing (LMP) model on Tuesday afternoon, October 23, 2001, from 1:00 p.m. to 5:00 p.m. PDT.   The briefing will be in room F on the first floor of the Kingstad meeting center, 5933 Win Sivers Drive (off Airport Way).  Parking is available in spots marked "Kingstad" or across the street in the lot marked "Overflow Parking".  
Seabron Adamson, Frontier Economics of Boston, will present the briefing and Andrew Ott, General Manager of Markets Coordination, PJM Interconnection, will be available to answer questions. 
Christine Elliott,
RTO West Coordinating Team
chrisrtowest@earthlink.net <mailto:chrisrtowest@earthlink.net>
Christine Elliott,
RTO West Coordinating Team
chrisrtowest@earthlink.net <mailto:chrisrtowest@earthlink.net>
Hello Interested Participants - 
As mentioned at the recent RRG meeting, RTO West has scheduled an informational briefing about the PJM Locational Marginal Pricing (LMP) model on Tuesday afternoon, October 23, 2001, from 1:00 p.m. to 5:00 p.m. PDT.   The briefing will be in room F on the first floor of the Kingstad meeting center, 5933 Win Sivers Drive (off Airport Way).  Parking is available in spots marked "Kingstad" or across the street in the lot marked "Overflow Parking".  
Seabron Adamson, Frontier Economics of Boston, will present the briefing and Andrew Ott, General Manager of Markets Coordination, PJM Interconnection, will be available to answer questions. 
Christine Elliott,
RTO West Coordinating Team
chrisrtowest@earthlink.net <mailto:chrisrtowest@earthlink.net>
Sarah, could you look at the "next steps" and let me know if I missed anything major?
Also, does any body know if EPSA or some other organization is maintaining a similar overview database.  (FERC's site is out of date).
I will keep the latest version of this on the 0:\public affairs\RTO information database directory.  
Alan
All:
We (EPMI) has requested to be on this FERC workshop agenda.  I am interested in rebutting the presumption that when a cold wave comes to PNW that prices only rise in that region. I may need some help pulling some data showing that prices are correlated throughout the region.  Thus if you do not raise cap region wide (or assure export capacity through CAISO) you won't get the power to where its needed.
Alan 
Shoneman; Deanna King; Dan Watkiss; Gene Godley; Kimberly Curry; Michael
Pate; Marc F. Racicot; Paul Fox; Ronald Carroll; Shelby Kelley; Scott
Segal
FYI
FERC To Discuss Possible Changes To West Pwr Price Caps
Updated: Thursday, October 18, 2001 08:16 AM ET 
By Jason Leopold and Andrew Dowell 
OF DOW JONES NEWSWIRES 
LOS ANGELES (Dow Jones)--Federal energy regulators said this week they will discuss possible changes to price controls the agency imposed on western wholesale power markets in June. 
Western utilities complained that the price controls, based on the price of generating power in California, aren't appropriate for the entire region. In particular, demand in the Northwest rises sharply in the winter, while California's power demand and cost are typically highest in the summer. 
The Federal Energy Regulatory Commission said in a notice its Oct. 29 meeting discussions could include an elimination of the 10% premium allowed for sales into California and changes to the way the price caps are adjusted.
T
Gov. Gray Davis lobbied hard for FERC to impose price caps throughout the entire western U.S., saying generators would sell their power to other western states if California were the only state with price controls. 
Last summer, Sierra Pacific Resources (SRP, news, msgs) unit Nevada Power was forced to initiate rolling blackouts to a small number of customers for about 45 minutes because of the new price caps imposed on the market by FERC and blistering heat, said Paul Heagen, Sierra Pacific's chief spokesman.
I
Hi Sean,
I've attached an excel file that has the TTC and ATC values for COB S-N from 1999 to current.  
When: Wednesday, October 17, 2001 9:00 AM-9:30 AM (GMT-08:00) Pacific Time (US & Canada); Tijuana.
We received the following executed EEI Master Power Purchase and Sale Agreements:
Jill,
According to Butch at TAP, this itinerary is voided, so Sean will see no charges on his credit card. 
Anna
SERVICE               DATE  FROM           TO             DEPART  ARRIVE
ALASKA AIRLINES       10OCT PORTLAND OR    SPOKANE WA     1210P   110P
AS 2492    Q          WED   PORTLAND INTL  INTERNATIONAL
ALASKA AIRLINES       12OCT SPOKANE WA     PORTLAND OR    900A    1010A
AS 2351    Q          FRI   INTERNATIONAL  PORTLAND INTL
MISCELLANEOUS         09FEB HOUSTON TX
CALL SOS MEDICAL EMERGENCY:IN U.S 800 523-6586
CALL SOS MEDICAL EMERGENCY:INTL 215 245-4707 (COLLECT)
THIS IS A NON-REFUNDABLE FARE THAT REQUIRES
TRAVEL ON THESE SPECIFIC DATES AND FLIGHTS.
ADDITIONAL COLLECTION.
FARES CHANGE FREQUENTLY. WE WILL HAPPILY RE-EVALUATE
YOUR FARE UPON REQUEST.
CHECK IN AT LEAST 2 HOURS PRIOR TO FLIGHT DEPARTURE
FOR DOMESTIC, 3 HOURS FOR INTERNATIONAL. NO CURBSIDE CHECK IN.
BOARDING PASS REQUIRED TO GO THROUGH SECURITY. OBTAIN FROM THE
TICKET COUNTER OR FROM ETKT MACHINES IN THE TICKET COUNTER AREA.
AT THE TICKET COUNTER PRESENT YOUR ETKT PASSENGER RECEIPT OR
ETKT CONFIRMATION ITINERARY FROM THE TRAVEL AGENCY.
THIS IS THE PASSENGER RECEIPT FOR YOUR ELECTRONIC TICKET.
PLEASE CHECK-IN WITH PHOTO IDENTIFICATION AND WITH
EITHER (1) THIS RECEIPT OR (2) YOUR CONFIRMATION NUMBER.
YOUR ETKT CONFIRMATION NUMBER IS: DJJMDA
TICKET PRICE IS 183.50 ROUNDTRIP NONREFUNDABLE
Here is Freese-Notis full presentation. The last page is of particular interest to the West. 
I also have this in powerpoint file (not editable)
Sean,  
I came up with a $3936 difference between this and your wire requests.  The wire requests were on the high side.  I am sending it off to Houston with a note that we may need to revise it.
Steve
MC	 S	 CRC	 	-25	 150	 508906	 	0	 2200	  $                -   	 $     330,000 	 $           -   	 $  42,350 	 $           -   	 $287,650 	 	
MC	 S	 BPA	 -25	 	75	 658386	 	3200	 0	  $        240,000 	 $             -   	 $     65,600 	 $         -   	 $   174,400 	 $         -   	 	
MC	 S	 BPA	 -50	 -50	 73	 600522	 	6400	 4400	  $        467,200 	 $     321,200 	 $   131,200 	 $  84,700 	 $   336,000 	 $236,500 	 	
MC	 S	 BPA	 -50	 -50	 72	 600521	 	6400	 4400	  $        460,800 	 $     316,800 	 $   131,200 	 $  84,700 	 $   329,600 	 $232,100 	 	
MC	 S	 GRAYS	 -10	 	64	 715879	 	1280	 0	  $         81,920 	 $             -   	 $     26,240 	 $         -   	 $     55,680 	 $         -   	 	
MC	 S	 BPA	 -14	 	47.5	 664061	 	1792	 0	  $         85,120 	 $             -   	 $     36,736 	 $         -   	 $     48,384 	 $         -   	 	
MC	 S	 BPA	 	-13	 47.5	 664061	 	0	 1144	  $                -   	 $      54,340 	 $           -   	 $  22,022 	 $           -   	 $  32,318 	 	
MC	 S	 BPA	 -50	 	42.9	 448835	 	6400	 0	  $        274,560 	 $             -   	 $   131,200 	 $         -   	 $   143,360 	 $         -   	 	
MC	 S	 BPA	 -50	 	42.75	 447576	 	6400	 0	  $        273,600 	 $             -   	 $   131,200 	 $         -   	 $   142,400 	 $         -   	 	
MC	 S	 Air Products	 -6	 	41.19	 737863	 	768	 0	  $         31,634 	 $             -   	 $     15,744 	 $         -   	 $     15,890 	 $         -   	 	
MC	 S	 Douglas	 -25	 	37.15	 831359	 	3200	 0	  $        118,880 	 $             -   	 $     65,600 	 $         -   	 $     53,280 	 $         -   	 	
MC	 S	 Intel	 -4	 	34.6	 802102	 	512	 0	  $         17,715 	 $             -   	 $     10,496 	 $         -   	 $      7,219 	 $         -   	 	
MC	 S	 BPA	 -25	 	34.5	 822090	 	3200	 0	  $        110,400 	 $             -   	 $     65,600 	 $         -   	 $     44,800 	 $         -   	 	
MC	 S	 BPA	 -15	 	31.85	 871641	 	1920	 0	  $         61,152 	0	  $     39,360 	 	  $     21,792 		 	
Please Buy to fill this short at the MidC, for the STNW book.
Deal # 812532.1 is our sale to PGE on LLH,
Deal # 812531.1 is our sale to PGE on HLH.
Please see Sean, Diana, or Myself with any questions.
You guys might be slightly interested in this one - I'd imagine he's not planning on transferring to the Houston office any time soon.
and even better ? he's an Enron employee?
You should enjoy this one.....
Fall Recruiting for Associates & Analysts is here once again and you have been elected to participate in our Super Saturday Event!  
This year, the onsite interviews are scheduled for two Saturdays in November.  On each Saturday, the top 9 - 12 candidates from our local schools will be present.  This will help tremendously with our cross-calibration process.  The dates and schools are as follows:
We will need you to participate in at least one of these Saturday events.  We will also need 5-6 people to overlap and attend both Saturdays, so please volunteer if you are able.  (PS:  If we don't have enough overlap, we will have to begin "drafting", so please help out where you can.)
TASK ITEM:  Please respond to this message, indicating which Saturday(s) you will be able to attend.  
If you have any questions, please give me a call.  Thank you in advance for your help.  It is very much appreciated!
Julie K
WSPP Meeting, October 11-12, 2001
Coeur D'Alene, Idaho
Agenda
Reception, Thursday, October 11, 6:30 - 8:30 p.m. (Sponsored by Williams) 
Breakfast, Friday, October 12, 7:00 - 8:00 a.m. (Sponsored by Sempra Energy Trading) 
Meeting, Friday, October 12, 8:00 - 11:30  a.m.
Lunch, Friday, October 12, 11:30 - 12:30 p.m. (Sponsored by PanCandian Energy Service Inc.) 
Golf, Friday, October 12, 1:30 p.m.
Lodging Information
Coeur D'Alene Resort - The Lake 
Coeur D'Alene, ID 83814 
Telephone:          (208) 765-4000 
Please click on the link below for a Happy Hour invitation from APB and True Quote
This attachment contains the specific speakers for each RTO week panel.  The panels will be broadcast on the internet, FYI.
GAC
Jill,
Sean will be charged $50 for the change.
Thanks,
Anna
SERVICE               DATE  FROM           TO             DEPART  ARRIVE
ALASKA AIRLINES       10OCT PORTLAND OR    SPOKANE WA     1210P   110P
AS 2492    Q          WED   PORTLAND INTL  INTERNATIONAL
ALASKA AIRLINES       12OCT SPOKANE WA     PORTLAND OR    900A    1010A
AS 2351    Q          FRI   INTERNATIONAL  PORTLAND INTL
MISCELLANEOUS         09FEB HOUSTON TX
CALL SOS MEDICAL EMERGENCY:IN U.S 800 523-6586
CALL SOS MEDICAL EMERGENCY:INTL 215 245-4707 (COLLECT)
THIS IS A NON-REFUNDABLE FARE THAT REQUIRES
TRAVEL ON THESE SPECIFIC DATES AND FLIGHTS.
ADDITIONAL COLLECTION.
FARES CHANGE FREQUENTLY. WE WILL HAPPILY RE-EVALUATE
YOUR FARE UPON REQUEST.
CHECK IN AT LEAST 2 HOURS PRIOR TO FLIGHT DEPARTURE
FOR DOMESTIC, 3 HOURS FOR INTERNATIONAL. NO CURBSIDE CHECK IN.
BOARDING PASS REQUIRED TO GO THROUGH SECURITY. OBTAIN FROM THE
TICKET COUNTER OR FROM ETKT MACHINES IN THE TICKET COUNTER AREA.
AT THE TICKET COUNTER PRESENT YOUR ETKT PASSENGER RECEIPT OR
ETKT CONFIRMATION ITINERARY FROM THE TRAVEL AGENCY.
THIS IS THE PASSENGER RECEIPT FOR YOUR ELECTRONIC TICKET.
PLEASE CHECK-IN WITH PHOTO IDENTIFICATION AND WITH
EITHER (1) THIS RECEIPT OR (2) YOUR CONFIRMATION NUMBER.
YOUR ETKT CONFIRMATION NUMBER IS: DJJMDA
TICKET PRICE IS 183.50 ROUNDTRIP NONREFUNDABLE
This issue features an article about Enron's sale of Portland General Electric.  Check it out.
Also in this issue:
When: Wednesday, January 30, 2002 10:00 AM-11:00 AM (GMT-08:00) Pacific Time (US & Canada); Tijuana.
Where: Mt. Hood ( Main )
Executive Impact & Influence Program
Dear Sean Crandall,
As part of the Executive Impact and Influence Program,
each participant is asked to gather input on the
participant's own management styles and practices as
experienced by their immediate manager, each direct
You have been requested to provide feedback for a
participant attending the next program.  Your input
this program, Manager assessment, Direct Report
combined with the input of others and used by the
program participant to develop an action plan to
you are providing feedback as a Manager of the
participant, please note that your feedback will be
identified in the summary report.
It is important that you complete this assessment NO
LATER THAN CLOSE OF BUSINESS on Wednesday, October 24, 2001.
need the following Internet address and Password(s).
NOTE:  If you are providing feedback for more than one
person, each password and participant name is
individually listed below.
Open your Internet browser e.g., Internet Explorer or
Netscape Navigator, and please type or copy the URL
address below into your Internet browser (please DO NOT
go through Lotus Notes):
RQETFJ    (Stewart Rosman)
If you experience technical problems, please call
Dennis Ward at FSD Data Services, 713-942-8436.  If you
have any questions about this process, you may contact
LeRea Pharr at Enron, 713-345-8434, or Christi Smith at
Leadership Research Institute, 619-216-0404.
This is a reminder of Enron's Email retention policy.  The Email retention policy provides as follows:
Message Location - Maximum Retention
Inbox - 30 days
Folders - All Email messages placed in folders will be destroyed after one calendar year. This includes public folders in Outlook.
For those of you arriving on Wednesday, Oct. 10 to the WSPP conference in
Coeur d'Alene, Idaho Calpine would like to invite you to a reception from
the Coeur d'Alene Resort.  
If you have any questions give me a call at the number below.  Hope to see
you there!
Jodi Lietz
Office Manager
Calpine Corporation
Portland OR 97205
Phone:  503-552-3785
Here are some details you will need to know for the golf tournament
sponsored by Calpine on October 12 at the WSPP event:
with the bell captains.  They will be tagged and delivered to the golf
course prior to your tee time. 
boats starting directly after the meeting concludes Friday Oct. 12 around
noon.  
Friday morning ready to go to the course).
you wish.
the game.
a beautiful world class course, enjoy.
If you have any questions please feel free to give me a call at
Jodi Lietz
Office Manager
Calpine Corporation
Portland OR 97205
Phone:  503-552-3785
I am on vacation Oct 5-21st - so I am available anytime between Oct 22nd through 31st.
So Dale I am available for the 24-26th.
Great work, team--we took the "total number of trips" category for the Bike Commute Challenge.
As a reward, we will be treated to lunch at Rock Bottom, courtesy of Enron, sometime during the month of October.
We need to pick a day when we can all get together for that lunch.
I propose one of the following dates, beginning at 11:45 a.m.:  
Please let me know which of these dates you CANNOT make.  If you have a strong preference about another date, let me know that, too.  The date(s) with the the highest possible attendance wins.
Let me know what your preference is.
Dale Rasmussen
Tel:  (503) 464-8863 
Sean,
I confirmed with Ed in Houston that we should cease deliveries.
Steve
We've been keeping this deal in because I've been concerned about congestions at COB.  I'm not concerned going into February, so this contract is out of the money for February (probably in March thru May however).  If there is some reason to keep it whole, we have the length at COB.  Let me know what we want to do.
Thanks, 
This time, I got the subject header right and include the attachment.  
Here's the notice on RTO Week.  No real details--they say they are forthcoming.
Here's the notice on RTO Week.  No real details--they say they are forthcoming.
In this issue: 
Best regards, 
Please logout and log back in - you will have to remark curves
Arun is going to have to bring down the Curve Manager due to these issues:
Arun is going to fix these issues: he will have to bring it down and then back up.
In about 20min (10:45) please log out and login -> then check to see what needs to be remarked.
Thanks,
Arun is going to have to bring down the Curve Manager due to these issues:
Arun is going to fix these issues: he will have to bring it down and then back up.
In about 20min (10:45) please log out and login -> then check to see what needs to be remarked.
Thanks,
The New York Times on the Web
Sunday, September 30, 2001
For news updated throughout the day, visit www.nytimes.com
QUOTE OF THE DAY
on somebody so that we can say, `Look, there's a bomb, and
we are all dying of anthrax.' It is most likely going to be
a   covert release, and people will get sick and go to
their hospitals, and the public health system will have to
pick up on this."
Initiative, a nonprofit foundation in Washington.
NATIONAL
Some See U.S. as Vulnerable in Germ Attack
Health experts say new vaccines must be developed, but the
bigger problem is fortifying a fragile public health
system, the first line of defense against biological
threats.
U.S. Pursued Secret Efforts to Catch or Kill bin Laden
The Central Intelligence Agency began an attempt about three
years ago to persuade the leader of the anti-Taliban Afghan
opposition to capture and perhaps kill Osama bin Laden.
Many Once-Thriving Cities Are Suddenly Hurting
Sept. 11, most people agree, changed everything  including,
it now appears, the economic map of   the United States.
MORE NATIONAL NEWS:
The New York Times Company has begun a special campaign to
raise money for the victims of the attack on the World Trade
the campaign will go to the seven New York charities supported
each year by the Neediest Cases Fund to help those injured in
the attack or the families of those who died.  The campaign
will also support three foundations that aid New York City
firefighters, police officers and sanitation workers.
INTERNATIONAL
U.S. Pursued Secret Efforts to Catch or Kill bin Laden
The Central Intelligence Agency began an attempt about three
years ago to persuade the leader of the anti-Taliban Afghan
opposition to capture and perhaps kill Osama bin Laden.
Hatred of U.S. Burns in Pakistan's Biggest City
In Karachi, a city of 12 million people, there are cries and
signs for Osama bin Laden, for the Taliban and for holy
war.
Fear and Misery for Afghan Refugees
After arduous journeys from Afghanistan, refugees are
describing scenes of desperation at home as American-led
military attacks seem imminent.
MORE INTERNATIONAL NEWS:
BUSINESS
Sales Drop and Spending Crawls as Uncertainty Grips Economy
In the wake of the Sept. 11 terrorist attacks, sales are
falling in nearly every sector of the economy, as gloom
spreads beyond the airline and travel industries.
Many Once-Thriving Cities Are Suddenly Hurting
Sept. 11, most people agree, changed everything  including,
it now appears, the economic map of   the United States.
After the Fall, a Tech Star Stays Scrappy
Sun's experience in the last few weeks, and the challenges
it is now facing, are shared by much of corporate America.
MORE BUSINESS NEWS:
TECHNOLOGY
After the Fall, a Tech Star Stays Scrappy
Sun's experience in the last few weeks, and the challenges
it is now facing, are shared by much of corporate America.
Old and New Ways to Write a Will
There is much more talk about mortality these days, yet many
people have never bothered to make arrangements to
distribute their assets after they are gone.
Judge Orders Talks to Settle Microsoft Case
A federal judge ordered Microsoft and the government into a
new round of intensive negotiations to settle the
long-running antitrust case.
MORE TECHNOLOGY NEWS:
POLITICS
Bush 'Is My Commander,' Gore Declares in Call for Unity
Resurfacing before a partisan crowd, former Vice President
Al Gore implored Democrats and Republicans alike to offer
President Bush their unwavering support.
New Kind of Politics Reflects New Mood
The sense of crisis brought on by terrorist attacks has led
candidates around the country to rethink their strategies
or reconsider whether to run at all.
Democrats' Bills May Be Casualties of Terror Attacks
The Senate majority leader says he is   confident now of
passing only two measures  and one is in trouble.
MORE POLITICS NEWS:
SPORTS
Braves Rerun Late-Inning Script With a 7-Run Ending
The Atlanta Braves scored seven runs with two outs in the
bottom of the ninth to beat the Mets, effectively ending
New York's season and chances in the pennant race.
Bonds Draws Within One of Homer Record
Barry Bonds uncoiled his swing for a 437-foot blast that
splashed into McCovey Cove and pulled him within one home
run of Mark McGwire's record of 70 in a single season.
Hernandez Injured in Yanks' Loss
Orlando Hernandez left the game in the second inning
with an elbow injury as the Orioles easily topped the
injury-prone Yankees.
MORE SPORTS NEWS:
ARTS
Filling the Void: A Chance to Soar
does not mean that an entire city needs to be rebuilt,
but rather a set of civic attitudes.
Australia's Arts Unfettered
The extraordinary Next  Wave Down Under survey of Australian
performance  is unfurling across the month of October at
the  Brooklyn Academy of Music.
Waiting for Our John Lennon
In various guises, John  Lennon's  "Imagine" quickly  became
the soundtrack of hope in the wake of Sept.  11.
MORE ARTS NEWS:
NY REGION
Green Criticizes Ferrer's Reaction to World Trade Center
Crisis
Mark Green belittled Fernando Ferrer's response to the
destruction of the World Trade Center, saying Mr. Ferrer,
the Bronx borough president, had been "largely silent" in
explaining how he would rebuild New York.
Terror Attacks Could Change Paths of Faith
Amid a surge of religious feeling among Americans, clerics
see an opportunity to draw in people seeking answers to the
incomprehensible.
Rites for Victims Resonate Across Metropolitan Area
It was a time to cry on Saturday. Not the tears for the
World Trade Center crumbling before our eyes, but the
seemingly unbearable tears of losing someone who was loved.
MORE NY REGION NEWS:
OP-ED
We Love the Liberties They Hate
By MAUREEN DOWD
We should dread a climate where the jobs   of columnists and
comedians are endangered by dissent.
The Hitchhiker Syndrome
By PAUL KRUGMAN
been able to restrain the people who want to misuse the
patriotic bandwagon. But will that restraint last?
A Post-Disaster Economy in Need of Repair
By ROBERT E. RUBIN
The likelihood now that  economic difficulty will last for a
considerable period is increased, but overreaction is a
mistake.
MORE OP-ED  NEWS:
HOW TO CHANGE YOUR SUBSCRIPTION
You received these headlines because you requested The New
York Times Direct e-mail service. To cancel delivery,
change delivery options, change your e-mail address or sign
Check or uncheck the headlines you would like to receive
and remember to go to the bottom of the page and click on
feedback are welcome at feedback@nytimes.com.
Please include the following ID number when writing to
feedback@nytimes.com so that we can track any reports of problems:
HOW TO ADVERTISE
For information on advertising in e-mail newsletters or
other creative advertising opportunities with The New York
Times on the Web, please contact Alyson Racer at
alyson@nytimes.com or visit our online media kit at
Chris,
WAUNA or '97 Letter -  TERMINATED (97PB 10123)
Firm Purchase Agr.   -  TERMINATED (98PB 10227)
Regards,
Laura
Laura L. Wente                            Tel.: 503-464-3830                      
Enron North America                      Cell: 503-816-9842
Sean,
Darin Presto
Chris Walker	713-853-7533
Kevin Meredith	713-853-9555
Melba Lozano	713-345-8986
FYI
Alvarez, Ray; Walton, Steve; Mara, Susan; Lawner, Leslie; Cantrell,
Rebecca W.; Fulton, Donna; Dasovich, Jeff; Nicolay, Christi L.; Allen,
Phillip K.; Perrino, Dave; Black, Don; Frank, Robert; Miller, Stephanie;
Tycholiz, Barry; Novosel, Sarah; Thome, Jennifer; Hall, Steve C.
sales
Attached is a memo outlining key aspects of the recommendation issued by the assigned Administrative Law Judge in the above-referenced case.  The recommendation is now before the full Commission, which we expect will rule by mid-October.  Please call me if you have any questions.  
THANKS 
STNW DESK
DEAL # 517676.1  	NP-15 OFF PEAK
DEAL # 517678.1	NP-15 PEAK
Sean,
Enclosed is a proposed methodology for the Dow Jones Hourly Index.  Our
longer term goal is to have this information posted to a website and
available on an hourly basis, with perhaps a 2 or so hour delay.  That will
take longer to implement and some firms have expressed reservation with
receiving the information too early.  Presently, our goal is to have this
information available to traders via email by 5:00 a.m. PT.  This is
preliminary and your thoughts and comments would be appreciated.
Cheers,
Ernest Onukogu
Energy Services
Dow Jones & Company
P.O.Box 300
Princeton, N.J. 08543-0300
Sean, 
Enclosed is a proposed methodology for the Dow Jones Hourly Index.  Our
longer term goal is to have this information posted to a website and
available on an hourly basis, with perhaps a 2 or so hour delay.  That will
take longer to implement and some firms have expressed reservation with
receiving the information too early.  Presently, our goal is to have this
information available to traders via email by 5:00 a.m. PT.  This is
preliminary and your thoughts and comments would be appreciated.
Cheers,
Ernest Onukogu
Energy Services
Dow Jones & Company
P.O.Box 300
Princeton, N.J. 08543-0300
On Monday September 17.  I can be reached on my cell phone or at home.
Diana; not only am I interested in your interest, but I'd like to visit with you about this as a learning tool.  Let me know when you'd like to discuss it.  Thanks,   John
Hi John -
As we discussed earlier, this is the
information about the contract
Vanalco is attempting to resell.
The Contract Demand is 170 MW.  It
is currently divided among 3 POIs.
Alcoa substation, near Vanalco's
facility.  Without a notice for
change in these points, the demand
would have to be used on a nonfirm
basis.  The value, of course, would
be in the discounted price you could
achieve for the demand.  If you have
a high load factor usage, it may be
very economical.
Vanalco would consider offers
consistent with the secondary
transmission market, subject to the
process they are going through in
the courts, but their objective is
future.
The term of the contract begins Oct
which have some value.  They would
expect some recall rights in the
event of production at the smelter,
but the notice period could be a
number of months.  Let me know what
you think.  If you are not
interested, do you know of a party
who might either buy or manage this
contract?
Thanks,
Attached is the Daily Termination List for January 25 as well as the Master Termination Log, which incorporates all terminations received through January 25.
The following were previously on the Master Termination Log and have now been marked as "Y" for a valid termination:
CNC-Containers Corporation			EPMI		master power agreement
Public Utility District No. 1 of Chelan County	EPMI		deal no. 757497.01
Connect Energy Services, Inc.			ENA		liquids agreement
Energy Partners, a division of NGL Supply, Inc.)
Plains Marketing, L.P.				ERAC		deal no. QG4563.1
Plains Marketing, L.P.				ERAC		deal no. QG4482.2
Stephanie Panus
Enron Wholesale Services
ph:  713.345.3249
I am the one to talk with about this new product.  I will call you today to discuss.
Kevin
I've had an idea for a new EOL product that I would like to start our EOL legal and contracts people thinking about.  It's kind of a weird product, but I think it would trade quite a bit once people figured out what it was.
Kevin, I'm not sure if it's you I need to talk to about this, but I would appreciate some direction if it's somebody else.  Once we identify who we need to look at this, I'd like to set up a conference call to discuss contract language and EOL mechanics.
FYI
Diana-
Deal Number	Amount 	Date Entered 	Deal Date	Recognized and Pulled thru		PMA Statement Recognition
I hope that this helps.
Please let me know if you have any questions.
Diana-
Deal Number	Amount 	Date Entered 	Deal Date	Recognized and Pulled thru		PMA Statement Recognition
I hope that this helps.
Please let me know if you have any questions.
FYI
John,
Could you provide me with a facility number for the following location in Enpower.  If you have any questions please let me know. 
Location:
Location long Description:  The transaction is for delivery or receipt of power at the Nevada-Oregon Border in the North to South direction.
Trader Name:  Diana Scholtes
Book Administrator: John Postlethwaite
Risk book:  ST-NW
Thanks,
Melba Lozano
Tara,
Please map and test the following new location.
Trader:  Diana Scholtes
Book Admin:  John Postlethwaite
Risk Book:  ST-NW
Diana-
thanks for including me in the process
It is perfect!
I will submit the request today and should know by the end of the week.
Amy
On August 16, 2001, Enron counsel in DC requested that the Enron Northwest cash desk pull together a tremendous amount of data for part of the 2001 operating year.  The data request was unusual in the type of information it asked for, and for the most part, Enron's internal systems did not track the information in the format requested.  Since the pending lawsuit involves a large amount of money, it was imperative that (1) the data be pulled together, even though our internal systems did not track this type of information in a format that was readily accessible; (2) the data be as accurate as possible, and; (3) it be done in a very short period of time.
The amount of data we were asked to review and pull together was massive.  Utilizing Cara's comprehensive, and fairly unique understanding of our scheduling and accounting systems, we were able to accomplish this task.  There were many instances where we hit a "brick wall".  Specifically, it was difficult to match information from our scheduling dataset with our accounting dataset, although it was imperative we do so.  Cara was instrumental in bridging this gap.
As a result of her efforts, we were able to hand a quality set of data to our consultants in DC, and subsequently for our FERC filing.  I recommend that Cara receive a Personal Best Award for the amount of $2,000.
Sean Crandall
Hey here is a roster of appointments for you to attend if you wish:
Grant - Jeff A - Thursday Aug 30th 9:45-2:00
BPA - Al Pas.  Friday Aug 31st  10:30 - 11:30
Randy Hardy - Friday Sept 7th 9:00 - 12:00
Hi Sean --
CRA is putting the responsive data for Seattle and Tacoma ("orange") that we
submitted yesterday up on the FTP site for your review.  Let me (or Gary)
know if you have any questions.
Amanda
This email message is for the sole use of the intended recipient(s) and may contain confidential and privileged information. Any unauthorized review, use, disclosure or distribution is prohibited. If you are not the intended recipient, please contact the sender by reply email and destroy all copies of the original message.
BROBECK PHLEGER & HARRISON LLP
Please find attached the latest, and what should be the final for the immediate period of time, copy of the marketing list. Please filter the PA column by your name to double-check against the list you are currently working off of. 
There are some smaller subsids of larger companies previously assigned now listed. I pulled these subs in from the credit pre-approval list. I will be passing out draft contracts folders for these counterparties tomorrow to the people responsible for the respective parent companies.
There are some companies on your lists that do not have draft packets. These companies have NOT been pre-approved by credit, but credit is working on them now. Continue to call these customers regarding password applications, but do not promise that the ISDA documents, etc. are immediately forthcoming until we receive those worksheets from credit.
Please continue to pass on both the pa information and the draft packets as you receive the correct contact info. If you have any questions at all, please call me at 5-3614 or come by my desk at 06541 in the rotunda.
Thank you,
Jennifer McQuade
Good Morning,
These are the positions that I see for February, please take a look at them and let me know if you agree or not.
Thanks,
C
Sean:  Per Gary's instruction, please sign and notarize this additional
declaration.  Then fax to me at (202) 662-3910 as soon as it is notarized
and deliver to CRA by next day air.  We must have a faxed copy no later than
noon Portland time and it would be great if it was earlier.	
Thanks,
Amanda
This email message is for the sole use of the intended recipient(s) and may contain confidential and privileged information. Any unauthorized review, use, disclosure or distribution is prohibited. If you are not the intended recipient, please contact the sender by reply email and destroy all copies of the original message.
BROBECK PHLEGER & HARRISON LLP
Sean,
I understand you have discussed this with Gary Fergus.  Please print,
review, sign and, if possible,get it notarized (if impossible, let me know.)
Then:
your call.
Have them pick up the declaration and deliver it to me as below:
Charles River Associates
Suite 700
Washington DC 20004
FOR SATURDAY DELIVERY.
The account number to use is 507300 (the Brobeck account).
Please call me at 202-662-3918 if you have any problems or any concerns
about the declaration itself.
Thanks,
Amanda Smith
This email message is for the sole use of the intended recipient(s) and may contain confidential and privileged information. Any unauthorized review, use, disclosure or distribution is prohibited. If you are not the intended recipient, please contact the sender by reply email and destroy all copies of the original message.
BROBECK PHLEGER & HARRISON LLP
Here are the phone numbers you can call if you need any help this evening (or tomorrow, I'm sure).
Mike Duchow-Pressley   503.246.4862
Judy Cochran (Brian)    503.656.8659
Bruce & Becky              503.650.6500
I'll have my cell phone, but it doesn't get good reception right at the convent.
If you need to get ahold of me quickly, you can call Father Theodore and get the number of the convent.  His number is 503.292.3737 @ church; 503.641.2370 @ home.  (His wife's name is Stacy, in case you've forgotten).
I'll print this out and leave it at home.  I'll also call you and make sure you got it.
Finally, I'm going to put the Voice-mail # you need to call into the phone (speed dial #2) -- then you just need to enter the security code.
Greetings, everyone!
This e-mail is to let you know that several documents for tomorrow's RRG meeting are now available on the RTO West Website.  You can find them at:
They include a copy of the TransConnect slide presentation for tomorrow, a "white paper" on planning and expansion prepared by PNGC, an updated congestion model summary paper, and a brief description of the Filing Utilities' proposal to modify certain aspects of the Stage 1 pricing model.
Thank you very much!
Please see two annuities entered to pass LD's from PNGC to PPM for an Oct 18, 2000 dispute. 
Deal comming from PPM with PAC (G) did not flow do to problems with PPM scheduling.  PNGC has passed a total of $74,360 to us for damages.  We have passesd $84000 to PPM.
Thanks
Mike P. Purcell
Settlements Coordinator
Volume Management-Portland
What do you think?
In this case PPM, the purchase, was cut. The sale side, PNGC did not get any power and are sending us LD's. Both sides are affected and both sides need  an annuity put into the system.  Sale annuity to PPM and a purchase annuity for PNGC.  The sale is LT NW and the purchase is ST NW.  
MP
Was the purchase cut or the sale cut?  Which ever it is, it should correspond to the book associated with it.
d
Diana,
Here is the same question I had the other day.  When we have a cut and  the purchase side of the deal  is ST NW and on the sale side the deal is LT NW how do you want us to enter the annuities.  If I put them on one book then we should be fine.  
Thanks
Mike P. Purcell
Settlements Coordinator
Volume Management-Portland
Dear Group,
I have deposited information in each of your mail slots concerning the WSPP meeting October 11 and 12 (Thu and Fri) in Coeur D'Alene, Idaho.  After you have completed filling out the registration materials for this meeting, please give the forms to me, and I will handle your enrollment.
I have also included several pages of outing ideas for some of your "special" customers that may attend this meeting.  Let me know if I can help in arranging that as well. I know it may seem premature to reserve anything right now, but the area is expecting a number of visitors, so I advise you to plan as far in advance as possible.  We may be hosting an event the evening of October 11, but nothing has been confirmed yet.
As always, I am also available to assist in making your travel arrangements.
Let me know if you have any questions!
Anna
Diana- FYI - I won't know when we will be done with all variances until Settlements can tell me with 100% accuracy that we still have these variances outstanding.  
The answer depends on our cross-check with Max at SCL.  Max will be out until 8-30-01.  Let me know if you need this escalated and we will contact someone else at SCL. 
For my personal information, what kind of time line do you have?
Virginia
Virginia,
What is the purpose of this research?  Is there anything the traders are specifically looking for?  What is the timing requirements?
Amy and Paul-
The coordinators are listed below:
SCL - Paul Sims
City of Tacoma - Amy Clemons
I need to review December 2000 and January 2001 to insure that the checkouts were completed. I will let you know. 
Rhonda-
Sean:
Just in - I haven't read this yet, but it looks interesting.
Tim
A summary of the 2001 season, real-time forecasts of Columbia River runoff made weekly with the HyMet model can be viewed at the following website: 
These results show the accuracy of each forecast made at the three main sites (Grand Coulee, The Dalles and Lower Granite Dam on the Snake River) from January 1 to June 30, 2001, and also demonstrate the influence of abnormal precipitation and temperature during the forecast season on the accuracy. 
Precipitation in the Pacific Northwest during the 2001 forecast season was near the record historic low in this region, therefore a significant fraction of the forecast error can be explained by subsequent weather conditions.
Your comments are welcome.
Wendell Tangborn
HyMet Inc
Suite 1658
Seattle, WA 98101
Phone: 206 262 9697
Fax:      206 262 9698 
email: wendell@hymet.com <mailto:wendell@hymet.com>
or:  wtangb@u.washington.edu <mailto:wtangb@u.washington.edu>
Sean,
Have you heard of this yet?  I am assuming it impacts your planned deliveries.
Steve
Diana and Sean:
Please advise, thanks!!!
Sean:
I am still working with IT to see if we can nail this down to give you a more specific explanation.  In the mean time, if you have any thoughts or concerns, please feel free to let me know.
Thanks,
Just a round robin regarding the day ahead transfers to real-time for parking and lending and the fees associated with it.  Please let me know if you can't attend.
Dave Ryan and Todd DeCook will be in town later this week, and will be giving two 45-minute to 1-hour weather presentations on Thursday, August 16th at 11:30 a.m., and Friday, August 17th at 10:30 a.m.
Food will be provided.
They are also looking for another pair of golfers to join them for a round at Pumpkin Ridge at 3:10 p.m. on Wednesday, August 15th.  If anyone's interested, please let me know, or call Dave at 713-853-5462.
Thanks.
fyi
Arun in IT confirmed that the prior day curves are showing up correctly in the database, though they are showing up incorrectly on the front end curve manager.  He said it will take some time to fix the front end problems, and he expects the fix to be done by Monday.  He said since prior day prices are correct in the database, it should not mess up our calcs.  So as long as our traders make sure current day's prices are posted as they wanted, we will be fine.
Fran
Somehow today in the curve manager, prior day's prices column is not showing the prices as of yesterday, but showing prices based on today's price changes by the trader.  Driscoll first found out about it, and Arun is working on fixing the prior price now.  I'll let you know when he confirmed the problem is fixed.
Diana and Sean,
you guys should be aware of this.
ISO Market Participants:
SC Settlement Contacts:
In further compliance with the June 19, 2001 FERC order, on Thursday, August
Dispatch software to revise the process by which proxy bids are calculated.
Please see the Market Notice posted at
of this change
Diana -
Sean- 
I understand Diana is out of the office today, I was wondering if you had any information on the following Portland General deal 713660.01
If not we can handle this on Monday.
Thanks
Diana,
Enron sells PGE
Portland shows
price 56.50
Please let me know if there was another deal involved.
Thanks
Stephanie Piwetz
Enron Power Marketing, Inc
Just a clarification.  The new leg 3 is just for onpeak (correct?), and the premium is $2 total, not in addition to premium of first deal.  Is this correct?
Stewart,
Per our discussion I have changed Modesto basis option deal #520328 to reflect the restructured terms:
I have also put a note in the comment field requesting the confirm group to send documents to you before sending to counterparty.
Please let me know if you have any questions.
Thanks,
Fran
x7973
Dear Amy,
Stewart,
Per our discussion I have changed Modesto basis option deal #520328 to reflect the restructured terms:
I have also put a note in the comment field requesting the confirm group to send documents to you before sending to counterparty.
Please let me know if you have any questions.
Thanks,
Fran
x7973
Good Morning,
NOB is derated to Zero for HE 5-12 for Saturday July 28th.  Our Downstreams at NOB are cut to zero for those hours, and the deal numbers have been changed and noted in scheduling.
The deals are:
Nevada Power 423713.1 
BPA  459815.1
LADWP 579025.1 and 548842.1
Please see me if you have any questions regarding these deals.
Tim:
Here's the plan!
Jim
USACE Northwestern Division 
Water Management Division     Portland, OR  97208-2870 
this i think is yours????    
SCHOLTES, DIANA K:
Attached below you will find the final Evaluation forms for your direct reports; these forms have been pre-populated with your employees' basic data. If you have already completed your employees' final Evaluations, you may disregard these forms. 
When completing the Evaluation, carefully consider employee input, consolidated feedback and your observations of their performance and contribution, and encourage employee participation in the evaluation discussion. For many employees, this will be the only formal opportunity to discuss their performance with their supervisor. 
Final Evaluations should be completed and returned to your HR representative by August 17 (July 31 for all those in Business Units reporting to Enron Europe) for employees in job groups below Vice President level. 
If you have any questions, please contact your HR representative or the PEP help desk at x34777, option 4. 
We recommend saving all the below attachment[s] at once in the following manner:
Outlook Users: Go to File -> Save Attachments, click OK if prompted, then choose which directory to save the documents under.
Sean,
Sean,
Sean -
See attached text file:
Sean, 
As you have probably hear, I am not going to be with  UBS, which is both a disappointment and a blessing, perhaps better things await me elsewhere.  While I have tried to convince myself of this, it is difficult to truly accept.  I just wanted to let you know how much I have enjoyed working with you, even if only for a short time.  Hopefully I will be able to stay on with the estate for a while, while things are being settled and I make some decisions regarding the direction of my career.  I should be in the office tomorrow and next week, perhaps we could chat, if you have any advice for me, I will gladly take it.  Best Regards, Serena 
wow - I did this for you to prevent another airplane experience
For you Stewart, anything.
Jeff Fuller will be in town on August 3rd 12:00 to discuss information exchange.  Let me know if you are available.
Jeff Fuller will be in town on August 3rd 12:00 to discuss information exchange.  Let me know if you are available.
Diana and Sean:
Thanks,
Fran
Fran - Diana and Sean are looking for a PMA adjustment of 640,000 for the deal below (note from Sean).
Could you look into this .....
Thanks,
Heather
I had a deal with Modesto in December that consisted of a buy-resale with Modesto.  It was a take-or-pay deal.  We did not schedule this deal for 10-days in December (zeroed out in scheduling).  We should have put in an annuity each day we didn't schedule it, but we failed to do so.  At the end of the month, I realized we had not been doing this, so I put in an annuity to Modesto for $1.04 Million (Deal 487408).  This impact was seen in my December P&L.  Towards the middle of January, it was brought to my attention that we were not checking out with Modesto on this deal.  I looked into it, and it turns out I miscalculated how many days we did not schedule the deal, so the annuity should have been for $400,000, not $1,040,000.  On January 23, we modified the annuity to the correct amount.
The question I have now is, where is the $640,000, and do I get this back in the form of a prior month adjustment?
Thanks
I am going to be out of the office Wednesday - Friday.
I have asked Fran to look into the status of the PMA of 640,000  for the Annuity 487408
Dear Heather,
Federal price limits backfire 
Some generators withhold power rather than abide by rate caps 
David Lazarus, Chronicle Staff Writer
Wednesday, July 4, 2001 
Officials in California and Nevada, after months of lobbying for federal regulators to cap Western power prices, warned yesterday that the newly imposed limits have had the unintended consequence of increasing a threat of blackouts in the two states. 
The warnings were issued as California came within minutes of rolling blackouts yesterday afternoon, and one day after the first-ever rolling blackouts in Las Vegas forced energy-hungry casinos to shut off fountains and reduce air conditioning. 
The two states are asking the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission to take a closer look at the so-called price mitigation plan and come up with revisions that would deter power companies from withholding electricity during shortages. 
The crux of the problem is that price limits kick in during shortages, yet power companies say these caps force them to sell power at below-market rates during periods of high demand. 
Some companies have responded by holding back power rather than face the expense of shipping electricity from state to state. Each mile that electricity must be transmitted adds to the overall cost. 
Ackerman said several companies in his organization decided that there was no economic advantage to offering power in regional markets when price controls are in effect. 
BLACKOUT ALERT CANCELED
California authorities issued a blackout alert at 1:45 p.m. yesterday when power reserves dipped to dangerously low levels. They canceled the alert about an hour later, after finding additional supplies. 
The Golden State's latest brush with lights-out conditions came a day after Nevada experienced its own rolling blackouts for the first time, prompting heavy power users such as the MGM Grand and Caesars Palace to dim their lights. 
Don Soderberg, chairman of the Nevada Public Utilities Commission, said that the sudden power emergency took state authorities by surprise and that they are investigating to see what role the federal price limits may have had in exacerbating Monday's shortage. 
Specifically, Soderberg said Nevada is focusing on operators of older, less- efficient plants who would find profit margins shrinking, if not vanishing, under capped prices. 
The federal ceiling in 10 Western states, excluding California, is about $92 per megawatt hour. In California, a 10 percent surcharge is added because of the state's credit risk, bringing the price to just over $101. 
Ackerman at the Western Power Trading Forum said regional price controls have extended California's power crisis to neighboring states. 
California and Nevada officials, however, said that they still have faith that price limits can stabilize Western electricity markets but that federal regulators may have to tweak the system so that power companies cannot withhold output. 
Unfortunately, it may take some time for the regulators to revisit an issue that they took up only with the greatest reluctance. For months, federal regulators refused to impose price controls, preferring instead to let supply and demand determine costs. 
Hidalgo said that when it appeared that power companies were throttling back on output Monday, California officials immediately dialed the hot line number provided by the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission in case of emergencies. 
State officials tried again yesterday, and this time were told that the commission would look into the matter. They were not given a time frame for when the commission might come up with a response. 
E-mail David Lazarus at dlazarus@sfchronicle.com. 
Good work if you can find it ....
Wednesday, July 4, 2001 
Energy Novice to Be Paid $240,000 
By JEFFREY L. RABIN, DARYL KELLEY, Times Staff Writers
Copyright 2001 Los Angeles Times 
Special Note: The XMS address above is a true internet address.  You can access this address from home using your personal ISP (AOL, Earthlink, etc.)  You are no longer required to dial into Enron to access XMS.
YYYMMMDD where MMM is the three character month in 
ALL CAPS.      Example: 1960JAN01
XMS Password Rules
Additional Password Information
If you have any questions or problems logging in, please call the ISC Customer Care Center at 713-345-4727.
Please click on the attached icon or the Web address below to go to the most recent OASIS Posting.
If that doesn't work highlight and copy the address below, then paste it into the address line of your Web browser and hit "enter":
For questions or comments, please contact your Transmission Account Executive.
Kroum has developed a new Forward Obligation Report, which will allow us to capture all term deals, desk-to-desk and all scheduling changes.  Both Heather Dunton and I have tested it in stage and will be pushed out to production soon.  Once I have the date I will forward it to all of you.  It should be within the next couple of days.  I will also show all of you how to run the report to capture the criteria we need to do our swaps.
Here is the wire info
ACCOUNT:  40781075      ENRON CORP-ECT CASH SVC
Yes.  We tried to take the language from one of the NP or SP peak products.
Kevin,
Is the SP and NP language in the spread language the same language we use when we transact SP15 or NP15 on eol?
Please review the documents attached below to ensure they are reading correctly with regard to the products you will be offering.  Once you let me know how this looks to you, I will be able to move forward with the creation of the products.
Kevin
Kevin - Provided the traders are of the same opinion as to how the products should be described, this works. - Marcus
Here are the documents we discussed.  For your convenience, I have my changes tracked.  Please let me know if this works.
Thank you.
Kevin
Please review the documents attached below to ensure they are reading correctly with regard to the products you will be offering.  Once you let me know how this looks to you, I will be able to move forward with the creation of the products.
Kevin
Kevin - Provided the traders are of the same opinion as to how the products should be described, this works. - Marcus
Here are the documents we discussed.  For your convenience, I have my changes tracked.  Please let me know if this works.
Thank you.
Kevin
Dear Traders,
OUR MEETING HAS BEEN SWITCHED TO THE CASCADE CONFERENCE ROOM........
Thanks and see you there!,
YEAR	 AG1	 AUG	 SEP	 OCT	 NOV	 DEC	 JAN	 FEB	 MAR	 AP1	 APR	 MAY	 JUN	 JUL	 AG1	 AVE	 YEAR	 
AVE.	 13134	 11573	 9516	 9699	 11061	 12962	 14941	 12835	 13659	 16250	 16045	 17522	 17997	 14332	 	13585	 AVE.	 
MED.	 14281	 10234	 9014	 9153	 10711	 12244	 16120	 12771	 14227	 16176	 16319	 16458	 17024	 14864	 	
mean	 13134	 11573	 9516	 9700	 11062	 12963	 14942	 12836	 13660	 16251	 16045	 17523	 17997	 14332	 	13586	 13136	 
stdev	 2207	 2617	 1467	 1442	 1210	 2294	 3529	 3614	 3754	 4458	 4031	 3195	 3453	 3114	 	2045	 1890	 
max	 17254	 16641	 15184	 16122	 14935	 20052	 23776	 22063	 24250	 24495	 24474	 24510	 26145	 20943	 	17194	 17254	 
min	 8940	 7688	 8364	 8434	 9174	 9012	 8352	 7635	 7759	 9071	 8090	 12132	 12021	 9454	 	10057	 8313	 
correlation foreward	 0.824	 0.743	 0.636	 0.758	 0.763	 0.661	 0.783	 0.896	 0.817	 0.814	 0.679	 0.493	 0.685	 0.870	 	
correlation backward	 0.870	 0.824	 0.743	 0.636	 0.758	 0.763	 0.661	 0.783	 0.896	 0.817	 0.814	 0.679	 0.493	 0.685	 	
sim	 14365	 11181	 9837	 9461	 14003	 13437	 16411	 12981	 12036	 18142	 9828	 20429	 20240	 12475	 	14365	 	
days	 15	 16	 30	 31	 30	 31	 31	 28	 31	 15	 15	 31	 30	 31	 	365	 	
energy	 215480	 229845	 430960	 445325	 430960	 445325	 445325	 402229	 445325	 215480	 215480	 445325	 430960	 445325	 	5243344	 	
Yesterday we received a letter from BPA under which BPA terminated two of its agreements.  Ed, Harlan and I discussed some aspects of this earlier today.
Some additional information that Steve Hall and I just discussed is summarized below.
The effect of this termination on our power scheduling is that the West Desk is now short by 202 MW over its earlier position.  
After termination the contract positions are:
Terminated contract numbers:
Dale Rasmussen
Tel:  (503) 464-8863 
Fax: (503) 464-8058
As you have heard, Dynegy is terminating the merger agreement today.  Among other things, this means we are now free to pursue other alternatives - which we are actively doing.  As a consequence of uncertainty about the deal - and now Dynegy's announcement - Enron's debt was downgraded to below investment grade levels today by S&P, Moody's and Fitch.  
In response to this action, we have initiated a plan to protect value in our core trading and other energy businesses.  At the same time, we are nearing the completion of the business review process announced last week.  Once this process is complete, we will be conducting a comprehensive restructuring of our business.  Regrettably, but unavoidably, this will include the sale of non-core assets and the implementation of a comprehensive cost saving plan, including layoffs. 
We are taking these actions to focus our resources on preserving the value of our core businesses, retaining our employees who are key to our future success, and maintaining relationships with our trading counterparties.  This must be our priority to establish a more solid footing for the rest of Enron.
I know you have serious concerns about what this all means for you.  Although, there are no guarantees, you should know that we are still in this fight and remain absolutely committed to protecting the value of the ongoing businesses of Enron.  All I can ask is that we all be supportive of each other, stay focused on our work as best we can, and stick together while we work to overcome these latest challenges.
Even six or so weeks ago, none of us could have imagined that we would be where we are today.  We will not recover in six weeks what we have lost, but we will work to stabilize and then rebuild this great company.  As always, I appreciate the extraordinary contributions each of you make.  Thank you.
PEP System Message
Your password has been reset to: WAEUVQHM
Please note that passwords are case sensitive - please type them exactly as they appear.
Sean,
you about.  We are also in the market for good marketers, traders and
structurers.  Keep in touch.
Marshall Brown
Vice President
Robert Walters 
Phone #: 212-704-0596
Fax #:212-704-4312
marshall.brown@robertwalters.com
www.robertwalters.com
CAUTION: Electronic mail sent through the Internet is not secure and could
be intercepted by a third party. 
This email and any files transmitted with it are confidential and 
intended solely for the use of the individual or entity to whom they   
are addressed. If you have received this email in error please notify 
the system manager.
This footnote also confirms that this email message has been swept by 
MIMEsweeper for the presence of computer viruses.
Is Cigarette Smoke in Your Establishment an Issue? Options Can Help.
If your establishment accommodates both non-smokers and smokers, you
know that cigarette smoke drift and odor can be a challenge.  To help
you address this issue and find reasonable approaches to public places
smoking, Philip Morris U.S.A. created Options.
The Options initiative is designed to help hospitality business owners
find effective, practical ways to minimize second-hand smoke and create
more comfortable environments for both non-smokers and smokers in public
places. *
We at Options are committed to providing you with tools and information
you can use to help make informed decisions about indoor air quality
following link:
When you register with Options, we will send you information about the
initiative, including our quarterly newsletter, Options & News, which
contains up-to-date, relevant information on the public place smoking
issue as it relates to the hospitality industry.  Through Options, you
will find free tools and information that can help you provide a more
comfortable environment for everyone.  Some of these tools include:
businesses successfully improved their IAQ, creating more comfortable
environments for all their customers and employees
ventilation report online about the unique needs of your establishment
comfortably accommodate non-smokers and smokers in your business
ventilation and air conditioning (HVAC) professional in your area who
has experience working with hospitality business owners.
For more information about Options, please visit the Hospitality
Industry Planning Center on our website by clicking on the following
link:
Sincerely,
Frank Geovannello
Options, Philip Morris U.S.A.
environmental tobacco smoke (ETS); for more information on ETS and
reported health effects in non-smokers, please visit
This message is brought to you as a valued subscriber to VNU Business
Media.  Please note, VNU Business Media is not affiliated with this
offer.  To remove your name from the list, please click here:
Holnam has just terminated their contract and Luzenac terminated earlier this month.  Starting Feb.1, we should be delivering to Ash Grove Cement and LP.  We are currently delivering to LP, and Ash grove suspended for the entire month of Jan.
Let me know if you have any questions.  Thanks.
Andrea Woodland
Enron North America - West Desk
The New York Times on the Web
Friday, January 25, 2002
For news updated throughout the day, visit www.nytimes.com
QUOTE OF THE DAY
They have failed us because of self-dealing and
self-interest."
at a   Senate hearing on Enron.
NATIONAL
American Charged as a Terrorist Makes First Court Appearance
John Walker Lindh on Thursday began his defense against
charges that he aided terrorist organizations and conspired
School Bus Driver Arrested After a 150-Mile Detour
A school bus driver took 13 children on an unexplained
six-hour, 150-mile ride from Oley, Pa., to Maryland, where
he was found armed.
Appeals Court Denies Convict DNA Test in a '90 Rape Case
A federal appeals court in Virginia has refused   to allow a
man who was convicted of sex crimes to have DNA tests he
contends would exonerate him.
MORE NATIONAL NEWS:
Sun City Communities by Del Webb
If you're 55 or better, log on, order your
FREE Lifestyle Guide, explore 8 beautiful
communities located across the country and
discover all the ways you can choose to
live on.  Explore Sun City Today!
INTERNATIONAL
Police in Chechnya Accuse Russia's Troops of Murder
Russian troops are killing Chechen civilians in a campaign
of executions and looting that takes place alongside
military operations, according to police officials.
India Test-Fires Intermediate-Range Missile
India successfully test-fired an intermediate-range missile
capable of carrying a nuclear warhead on Friday morning.
U.S. Forces Strike Taliban at Camps Near Kandahar
In the most intense fighting of recent weeks   in
Afghanistan, American troops killed as many as 15 Taliban
fighters in a predawn raid on Thursday.
MORE INTERNATIONAL NEWS:
BUSINESS
Enron Hearings Open, Focusing on Destroyed Papers
Lawmakers on Thursday said evidence showed that Enron's
auditors destroyed documents knowing they might be relevant
Investors Lured to Enron Deals by Inside Data
Enron executives enticed investors into partnerships by
dangling the prospect that inside knowledge could help them
double their money.
Many May Be Surprised to Be Enron Investors
Many individual investors unwittingly owned a piece of an
entity that was used to finance some of the partnerships
that contributed to Enron's failure.
MORE BUSINESS NEWS:
TECHNOLOGY
Nokia's Earnings Surpass Expectations
Nokia, the world's biggest maker of mobile   phones,
reported earnings that exceeded its own projections and
those of analysts.
Datek Pays $6.3 Million to Settle Securities Charges
Datek Online Holdings has agreed to pay $6.3 million to
settle federal charges that its former day trading unit
engaged in securities fraud.
EMC's Loss in 4th Quarter Was Not as Deep as Feared
EMC, the data storage company that became a widely held
technology bellwether during the 1990's, projected a return
MORE TECHNOLOGY NEWS:
POLITICS
Enron Hearings Open, Focusing on Destroyed Papers
Lawmakers on Thursday said evidence showed that Enron's
auditors destroyed documents knowing they might be relevant
House Vote Is Set on Campaign Bill
The advocates of overhauling the nation's   campaign finance
law gained enough support to force a House vote on
legislation.
Domestic Security Spending to Double Under Bush Plan
President Bush said he would propose doubling the amount the
government spends on domestic security next year to nearly
MORE POLITICS NEWS:
SPORTS
Chaney's Fury Sparks Knicks' Rally
With Allan Houston leading the way and the rest of the team
hustling on defense, the Knicks rallied for a win over
Phoenix.
Ty Tryon looked like a nervous teenager, which is exactly
what he was as he shot a six-over-par 77, 13 strokes behind
clubhouse leader Steve Flesch.
Hingis and Capriati Ready for Rematch
Jennifer Capriati will defend her title as she meets Martina
Hingis in the Australian Open women's final.
MORE SPORTS NEWS:
ARTS
In Remembrance of Sorrow From Other Times
In the debate over the remembrance of Sept. 11, it's worth
pondering how other memorials in New  York have conveyed
their message across the  generations.
For Musicals, Big and Brassy Gives Way to Small and
Affordable
An important question facing producers of emerging musicals:
How  big a show should this be?
And Swashes Buckled All Around
This thoroughly competent adaptation of Alexandre Dumas's
tale of treachery and vengeance will remind jaded viewers
of the sumptuous delight the movies can offer.
MORE ARTS NEWS:
NY REGION
Hoping for Calm, Preparing for Strife at Economic Talks
As demonstrators and police both prepare for the World
Economic Forum, neither knows what to expect when it
arrives in New York.
Layoffs Start in New Jersey as Towns Brace for Cuts
About 600 New Jersey state employees ended their day
Wednesday with brusque notices saying they were laid off.
Minority Students in Bronx Face the Prospect of Busing
A plan to prevent white flight from public schools in
Riverdale is leading toward the unexpected busing of black
and Hispanic students.
MORE NY REGION NEWS:
OP-ED
Spreading It Around
By PAUL KRUGMAN
Conservatives are slinging Enron muck at liberals, hoping
that some of it will stick.
Our Man in Beijing
By NICHOLAS D. KRISTOF
Chinese-American relations, but so far the United States
has squandered this opportunity.
Playing Into Sharon's Hands
By ROBERT MALLEY
United States passivity in the Middle East is an almost
certain recipe for catastrophe.
MORE OP-ED  NEWS:
HOW TO CHANGE YOUR SUBSCRIPTION
You received these headlines because you requested The New
York Times Direct e-mail service. To cancel delivery,
change delivery options, change your e-mail address or sign
Check or uncheck the headlines you would like to receive
and remember to go to the bottom of the page and click on
feedback are welcome at feedback@nytimes.com.
Please include the following ID number when writing to
feedback@nytimes.com so that we can track any reports of problems:
HOW TO ADVERTISE
For information on advertising in e-mail newsletters or
other creative advertising opportunities with The New York
Times on the Web, please contact onlinesales@nytimes.com or
Sean:  I must have a bad e-mail address for you, but I think this one might be right now.  See original message below.
Steven E. Lewis
Lands Energy Consulting
Suite 311
Seattle, Washington  98102
Phone:   (206) 726-3695
Cell:       (206) 290-6059
Date: Wed, 06 Feb 2002 09:25:28 -0800
Sean:
Thanks for the dinner the other night.  I enjoyed meeting with you and Deanna and getting caught up on how things are going.  It was also good to hear that both of you are optimistic about the outlook with UBS.  I wanted to respond to your offer to meet with Mr. Belden to discuss potential opportunities within your origination group.  Having considered the opportunities relative to the outlook for my consulting business, I am not interested in pursuing the UBS opportunity at this time.  The concept of running the origination from Seattle intrigued me initially, but I cannot personally advocate a geographically segregated origination operation as a viable business solution.  
I would be interested in a follow up meeting with you and Tim, but I think my intent would be framed from exploring potential opportunities to provide consulting services to UBS rather than exploring employment opportunities.  I understand that this may not fit with your needs to prioritize your own time and efforts right now, but if you would like to get together, please let me know.
Also - I don't have Deanna's e-mail address.  If you could forward this on to her, I would appreciate it.  Thanks again for the dinner last week.
Steven E. Lewis
Lands Energy Consulting
Suite 311
Seattle, Washington  98102
Phone:   (206) 726-3695
Cell:       (206) 290-6059
sean,
could you please call me.
thanks.
Audrey Cullen Davis
FIRST CALL ASSOCIATES, INC.
ACullen@FirstCallAssociates.com
Audrey,
The other person I was talking about is Diana Scholtes.  She and I have
been working together for 5 years.  She has experience in the WSCC cash
markets, and has substantial middle-marketing skills and contacts in the
industry.  Her email is diana.scholtes@enron.com.  Her number is
Thanks,
Sean
may contain confidential and privileged material for the sole use of the
intended recipient (s). Any review, use, distribution or disclosure by
others is strictly prohibited. If you are not the intended recipient (or
authorized to receive for the recipient), please contact the sender or reply
copies of the message. This e-mail (and any attachments hereto) are not
intended to be an offer (or an acceptance) and do not create or evidence a
binding and enforceable contract between Enron Corp. (or any of its
affiliates) and the intended recipient or any other party, and may not be
relied on by anyone as the basis of a contract by estoppel or otherwise.
Thank you.
NEWS MEDIA CONTACTS:				FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE
January 24, 2002
Energy Secretary Names Bonneville Head
WASHINGTON, DC -- Department of Energy Secretary Spencer Abraham announced
Power Administration (BPA).  BPA is a federal agency that markets wholesale
electrical power, principally from federal dams in the Columbia Basin, and
operates high voltage transmission for the region.  It is based in Portland,
Oregon, and serves Washington, Idaho, Oregon, western Montana and small
parts of contiguous states.
healthy environment in the Pacific Northwest, and I have confidence it will
continue to do so under Steve Wright's direction," said Secretary Abraham.
times for the electricity industry and has effectively worked with diverse
constituencies in the region," added Abraham.
Wright has been with the agency for 21 years, beginning in the agency's
conservation department.  He has served as acting administrator since
November 2000 following the departure of then-Administrator Judi Johansen.
Wright's tenure has spanned some of the region's biggest energy
challenges--including a West Coast energy crisis and the second worst
drought recorded in Pacific Northwest history.  
Wright said he was particularly honored to have come through the ranks to
have the opportunity to lead an institution that is critical to meeting the
economic and environmental objectives of Northwest citizens.  "I'm committed
starts with meeting our responsibilities to serve the public.  That means
striving for strong environmental stewardship, low rates, reliable service
and being open to the public's ideas about how best to use the assets that
provide so much value to the Northwest," Wright said.
Wright began his work at BPA in 1981 shortly after receiving his masters in
public affairs from the University of Oregon.  Following a stint in the
agency's energy conservation office, he moved to BPA's D.C. office in 1984.
In 1987, he began managing the agency's California office, then went back to
the D.C. office as manager in 1990.  In 1998, he returned to BPA
headquarters in Portland as Corporate senior vice president where he had
responsibility for public affairs; environment, fish and wildlife; finance
and budget; strategic planning; and human resources.  He became deputy
administrator in 2000, followed shortly by his appointment as acting
administrator.  
He and his wife, Kathleen, and their three children live in Portland.  In
addition to his  masters, he holds an undergraduate bachelor of arts degree
in journalism from Central Michigan University.  He is 44 years old.
R-02-009	
Hello, Everyone - 
We have posted drafts of:
These documents will be presented at the upcoming Stakeholder Clarification meeting this Friday, January 25, 2002, at the Kingstad Conference Center beginning at 8:30 a.m. PST.
Thank you,
Christine Elliott,
RTO West Coordinating Team
chrisrtowest@earthlink.net <mailto:chrisrtowest@earthlink.net>
Hi Chris:
Please let us know, and thanks.
Shelly Richardson, Attorney at Law
P.O. Box 61845
Vancouver, WA  98666-1845
U.S.A.
shellyr@pacifier.com <mailto:shellyr@pacifier.com>
Hello, Everyone - 
The purpose of the meeting is to "walk through" rough draft write-ups of the Scheduling Coordinator Agreement and Paying Agent Agreement.  We will also review draft revisions to the RTO West Bylaws and the draft revised Pricing Proposal.  Final draft revisions to Planning and Market Monitoring will be explained.  Questions and input will be taken on all these proposed documents.
The topics that will be covered Friday are:
On behalf of Bud Krogh and the team,
Christine Elliott,
RTO West Coordinating Team
chrisrtowest@earthlink.net <mailto:chrisrtowest@earthlink.net>
These are the numbers Smurfit has.  
Please look over and approve.
Thanks
Mike P. Purcell
Settlements Coordinator
Volume Management-Portland
Are there any other Chelan deals?
Yesterday I talked with Chelan's trader and she informed me they regard the 7 MW we are delivering to them as a "good" contract.  So long as we are able to deliver, they will accept deliveries.  I'm not sure what this means in light of their termination status, but since the price is $34, I'm going to deliver until I hear otherwise.
Sean, thank you for your rent deposit yesterday.  I really appreciate your timeliness.  I will be in Portland Sat Jan 26 to Wed Jan 30 for business reasons.  
I need to have an electrician install smoke detectors per the new code effective the first of January + I want to get the phone jack fixed in the guest bedroom.  I also need to meet with the landscaper about pruning the back hedge.  I'll be up to my ears in business meetings all day Monday and Tuesday morning.  I was thinking about making appointments for the electrician and the landscaper for Tuesday afternoon.  I will be there to let them know what I need to have done so I can give them access.  Is that ok with you?    Is there anything else that needs attention?
Mr. Crandall could you send me your presentation - Thanks!
The Floor presentations will be saved in 
O:Portland:WestDesk:FloorOverview
Sounds like it's not a done deal yet.
UBS Deal Shows What Enron Is Worth
By Christopher Edmonds 
Special to TheStreet.com
As it turns out, analysts had a hard time gauging what price UBS  would have
Not only is UBS not paying Enron anything up front for the trading business,
Enron will also cede all ownership in the once-dominant trading business.
And to further show the deterioration in Enron's current business, The Wall
Street Journal reports that UBS will not assume any of Enron's current
trading positions. 
According to sources, when Enron releases the details of its sale today, it
will say it is giving its trading business to UBS and hoping for a return in
the future. In fact, UBS will get the trading platform and some employees --
taking a payroll liability from Enron -- and give Enron nothing in return. 
That UBS is providing little, if anything, upfront and is making no
guarantees regarding future profits speaks volumes about how quickly any
residual value in Enron's business has eroded and about what shareholders
can expect from the ultimate outcome. "This has to be very disappointing to
Enron's creditors and sends a strong message to Enron shareholders," says
Jeff Dietert, power analyst at Simmons & Co. and a member of the TSC Energy
Roundtable. 
Though details weren't out as of this writing, sources in a creditors
meeting held this morning in New York confirm that the deal calls for UBS to
provide Enron with a percentage -- said to be one-third -- of the profits
from the energy-trading business to Enron for the next 10 years. 
UBS will have the option to reduce or eliminate Enron's profit-sharing
position by paying a multiple of Enron's share of the profits during the
first five years of the agreement. If UBS elects to continue payments to
Enron over the entire 10-year term, profit-sharing will increase in each of
the last five years of the agreement.
Power Failure
While the Enron spin machine will put its best face on the transaction,
there is little positive in the deal for the bankrupt company. Enron once
hoped the trading unit -- which at one point accounted for more than 90% of
its revenue -- would fetch nearly $1 billion in an auction, with Enron
retaining an equity stake in the revival. 
Instead, the trading business is penniless, leaving Enron looking more and
more like a corporate pauper. 
As suggested Friday, the uncertainty of a resurrection not only caused a
dearth of bidders -- only UBS and Citigroup were serious in their pursuits
business that will be a small fraction of its former self and will take a
lot of time to rebuild." 
And with online competitors like the Intercontinental Exchange and Dynegy's
the vitality of the Enron platform. 
However, it isn't costing UBS much to try. And with Enron holding no ongoing
ownership interest, UBS may have a chance to leave Enron's tarnished past
behind. "If Enron had any ownership, it would have been very difficult to
rebuild the business," says an official with a competing energy trader and
Enron creditor who wished to remain unnamed. "Sharing the profits is still a
stigma, but not nearly what it could have been. It will still be a tough
comeback." 
And creditors aren't likely to make it any easier. While still reviewing the
details, the power-trading official said creditors have concerns. "We need
business and what happens to the profits once paid to Enron," he said.
will go toward making creditors whole." 
The deal has to be approved by Judge Arthur J. Gonzales of the U.S.
Bankruptcy Court in Manhattan. He has scheduled a hearing on the deal for
Friday, and creditors are expected to raise a myriad of objections. 
Regardless of approval, analysts remain skeptical about the ability to
re-energize the once-dominant player in the energy-trading business. "There
is only about a 1%, 2%, maybe 3% probability that the old Enron business
re-emerges as a major player among energy traders," says Jay Dobson,
managing director of electric utility research at Deutsche Bank Alex. Brown.
This auction outcome has to leave Enron's creditors -- and especially
shareholders -- feeling powerless. 
For Houston participants, please come to ECS 5112. Thanks.
Here are the most recent valuations:
Dear Sean,
Houston has requested we sit down with them on the phone and go over all the in-the-money contracts we have.  By their count we have about 50.  They want to account for each and understand why we may not be delivering on them.
Ed Baughman will be sending his master list in advance of a 11:30 call in Mt. Bachelor.  Please send at least one representative from each of the regional desks to discuss the list.
Thanks,
Steve
Attached are overviews of the Dec. 14 RTO West proposals for Market
Monitoring, Pricing, Congestion Management, and Planning  by the Oregon Office
of Energy and the Staff of the Oregon Public Utility Commission.  Also
attached is a draft of principles and a cover memo to the Commission.
Phil Carver
fax 503-373-7806
Oregon Office of Energy
Salem, OR 97301-3742
Sean,
Give me a call at 1:00.
Thanks,
Jim
Here's the update on our Montana customers.  Let me know if you have any questions.
Ash Grove:  They are still under contract suspension, and are planning on suspending until the end of the month.  Plan on delivering power starting Feb. 1.
Holnam:  We should be continuing to try to schedule, they will refuse thru Jan., so we should be invoicing accordingly.  They will start accepting the schedule for Feb. 1 delivery.
LP:  Schedule as usual.  They are looking at buyout of their contracts, but in the meantime, they want power delivered.
Andrea Woodland
Enron North America - West Desk
WEEKEND SYSTEMS AVAILABILITY
FOR
SCHEDULED SYSTEM OUTAGES: 
ARDMORE DATA CENTER - FACILITY OPERATIONS:
Impact: ALL
Outage: Monthly Exercise of Emergency Back-up Chillers
Purpose: Routine exercise of AC equipment
Contact(s): Randy Lord 713.345.7707
Impact: ALL
Outage: Monthly CRAC Maintenance
Purpose: Will be shutting each air handler down one at a time to check belts, filters and drains.
Contact(s): Randy Lord 713.345.7707
AZURIX: No Scheduled Outages.
EB34 DATA CENTER - FACILITY OPERATIONS: No Scheduled Outages.
EDI: No Scheduled Outages
EES: No Scheduled Outages
ENRON CENTER SOUTH DATA CENTER - FACILITY OPERATIONS: No Scheduled Outages
ENRON NORTH AMERICAN LANS: No Scheduled Outages
FIELD SERVICES: No Scheduled Outages.
INTERNET: No Scheduled Outages.
MESSAGING: No Scheduled Outages.
MARKET DATA: No Scheduled Outages.
NT: No Scheduled Outages.
OTHER SYSTEMS: No Scheduled Outages.
SITARA: No Scheduled Outages.
TELEPHONY: No Scheduled Outages
TERMINAL SERVER: No Scheduled Outages.
UNIFY: No Scheduled Outages.
FOR ASSISTANCE
Specific Help:
Information Risk Management (713) 853-5536
Unify On-Call (713) 284-3757 [Pager]
Sitara On-Call (713) 288-0101 [Pager]
CPR (713) 284-4175 [Pager]
EDI Support (713) 327-3893 [Pager]
EES Help Desk (713)853-9797 OR (888)853-9797
Attached are the comments on Snohomish PUD on the December 14 RTO West
proposals.
Eric Christensen
Associate General Counsel
Snohomish County PUD
PO Box 1107
Everett, WA  98206-1107
voice: (425) 783-8649
fax: (425) 267-6071
elchristensen@snopud.com
Mike
Gwen
Diana,
I heard back from Gwen and she has given me these deals to be fixed according to Modesto's spreadsheet.
Sales
Purchases
The deals above total 15,200 mw's.   The deals that could be the problem are  transmission deal 860363.1 at a $0.00 and Purchase annuities 859311.1 and 859389.1 @ $1.36, these deals total 15,200 mw's.
Also, starting on the 7th we need to put in losses of 36 mw's per day using the Dow NP15 index price.
let me know if you have any questions and what I can do to help.
Thanks
Mike P. Purcell
Settlements Coordinator
Volume Management-Portland
Sean,
Assuming UBSWenergy goes live on Monday, are there any financial products for West Power we need to have ready?  I currently have a few PALVE fin swaps under the US West Power Fin Swap product type.  Please call Kevin or myself should you need anything created.
Thanks,
Chris
Hi, Sean!
Here is the identifying data for the personal financial planner we
discussed at our meeting yesterday:
Mark Martel
First Pacific Associates
Vancouver WA  98662
Portland telephone: 503-239-1505
Other office personnel:  Heidi Powell, Phaedra Stahlman.
Sean, I enjoyed meeting you yesterday and look forward to reviewing your
week-end tax calculations.
Warm regards,
Sarah C. Harlan, CPA
Lake Oswego OR  97034
Telephone: 503-636-4977
Fax:  503-636-4978
The New York Times on the Web
Thursday, January 3, 2002
For news updated throughout the day, visit www.nytimes.com
Examine the World of J. R. R. Tolkien
This sponsored feature includes articles from the New
York Times archives, slide shows of Tolkien's artwork,
multimedia presentations from New Line Cinema, weekly
trivia quizzes and more.
QUOTE OF THE DAY
enter no plea. Thank you very much."
in the Sept. 11 terrorist plot.
NATIONAL
Not Guilty Plea Is Set for Man in Terror Case
Zacarias Moussaoui refused to enter a plea to an indictment
that accused him of a role in the Sept. 11 attacks. His
lawyer and the judge entered a plea of not guilty for him.
Hoping It's No California, Texas Deregulates Energy
Texas began its own deregulation plan with officials
promising that there would be no   reprise of California's
chaos.
Suit Against Gun Makers Gains Ground in Illinois Court
Gun makers and dealers can be sued for distributing firearms
in a way that makes it   easy for criminals and juveniles
MORE NATIONAL NEWS:
In just two hours, you can change your life forever.
Curious about career options in today's fast-growing
industries? Attend an information session at NYU's School
of Continuing and Professional Studies and get insights
into career opportunities in today's hottest fields. For a
full list of sessions, dates and times, click below.
INTERNATIONAL
A Smooth Debut Lifts Euro's Value in Money Markets
Europeans in 12 nations have begun using a common currency
with no significant problems, a surprising amount of
enthusiasm and even a slight rise in its value.
Marines Complete Sweep of Al Qaeda Compound
Marines recovered only small amounts of weapons and
documents belonging to Al Qaeda in a deserted terrorist
training camp in southern Afghanistan.
After Black Teenager Is Slain, Norway Peers Into a Mirror
The case of Benjamin Hermansen, a 15-year-old
African-Norwegian boy who was killed by neo-Nazis, has
offered a disturbing challenge to Norway's vision of
itself.
MORE INTERNATIONAL NEWS:
BUSINESS
A Smooth Debut Lifts Euro's Value in Money Markets
Europeans in 12 nations have begun using a common currency
with no significant problems, a surprising amount of
enthusiasm and even a slight rise in its value.
Analyst Talks of Bankruptcy, and Kmart Takes a Plunge
A Wall Street analyst's negative report sent the price of
Kmart's shares plunging 13.2 percent,  to $4.74, in heavy
trading Wednesday.
Ruling Eases Restrictions on Tax Shelters for Companies
A federal appeals court has issued a ruling in a case
involving Compaq Computer that tax experts say will make it
much more difficult for the I.R.S. to demolish many
corporate tax shelters.
MORE BUSINESS NEWS:
TECHNOLOGY
Computerized Control Is Next for Artificial Limbs
New high-tech prosthetic limbs are, in effect, wearable
computers. Those who wear them say that they perform
impressively, but such electronic appendages don't come
cheap.
Microsoft's Hometown Sees Cause for Optimism
In Redmond, Wash., Microsoft employees said they were
grateful to hold what appeared to be very steady
employment.
Online Customer Service Found Lacking
Internet retailers' online customer service continues to
earn mediocre marks from consumers and researchers.
MORE TECHNOLOGY NEWS:
POLITICS
Mining Company Gets Protection in Legislation Pushed by
Daschle
Lawmakers agreed to relieve a South Dakota company,
Homestake Mining, of any legal liability for damage done in
digging gold in the Black Hills.
Senate Democrats Plan to Subpoena Enron Papers
Senate Democrats plan to subpoena documents from Enron
executives and to examine the company's high-level
connections to the Bush administration.
Jewish Groups Endorse Tough Security Laws
Jewish organizations have been silent on or even supportive
of the Bush administration's counterterrorism legislation.
MORE POLITICS NEWS:
SPORTS
Florida Rolls in Orange Bowl
Despite starting without Heisman Trophy runner-up Rex
Grossman, Florida shattered the Orange Bowl Classic record
for total offense in a lopsided victory over Maryland.
Two Different Approaches to One Prize
The Cornhuskers plan to pressure Miami quarterback Ken
Dorsey, while the Hurricanes will try to combat Nebraska's
Eric Crouch with speed.
Testaverde Tries to Clear the Air
Vinny Testaverde spoke to Herman Edwards and offensive
coordinator Paul Hackett to clarify controversial comments
he made after Sunday's loss.
MORE SPORTS NEWS:
ARTS
A Tempest at Shakespeare Shrine: Plan to Raze Theater Is
Debated
Even the most zealous partisans of the Royal Shakespeare
Theater, built in 1932 as a showcase for the Art Deco style
then in vogue, are well aware of its drawbacks.
Mayor's Concern and a Departure Cloud the Lincoln Center's
Project
A possible hold on Lincoln Center's $1.2 billion
redevelopment plan and the departure of its interim
executive director dealt two heavy blows on the
institution.
Best of the Obscure Among 2001's Albums
In this annual roundup, the pop and jazz   critics of The
New York Times choose their   favorites among the underdog
albums of   2001.
MORE ARTS NEWS:
NY REGION
Bloomberg Asks Officials to Plan for Budget Cuts
On his first day in office, Mayor Michael R. Bloomberg
warned city commissioners and labor leaders about budget
cuts and tough times ahead.
Mayor's Concern and a Departure Cloud the Lincoln Center's
Project
A possible hold on Lincoln Center's $1.2 billion
redevelopment plan and the departure of its interim
executive director dealt two heavy blows on the
institution.
It's All Aboard, if They'll Fit, as Sept. 11 Jolts Mass
Transit
The precariously balanced network of highways and rails,
long overstrained before Sept. 11, is still suffering
terribly.
MORE NY REGION NEWS:
OP-ED
Executive Privilege Again
By WILLIAM SAFIRE
John Ashcroft is determined to keep the F.B.I.'s
embarrassing history hushed up.
Who Are You, Mr. Mayor?
By BOB HERBERT
I have no choice but to worry about the new mayor. He can't
possibly know what he's in for.
One Currency, but Not One Economy
By ROBERT M. DUNN JR.
The problem with the European Monetary Union is that it
creates a single monetary policy for a   group of quite
different national economies that often experience
divergent business-cycle patterns.
MORE OP-ED  NEWS:
CONTRIBUTE TO THE NEEDIEST CASES FUND
Make an online donation this Holiday Season to The New York
Times Neediest Cases Fund to help thousands of people,
HOW TO CHANGE YOUR SUBSCRIPTION
You received these headlines because you requested The New
York Times Direct e-mail service. To cancel delivery,
change delivery options, change your e-mail address or sign
Check or uncheck the headlines you would like to receive
and remember to go to the bottom of the page and click on
feedback are welcome at feedback@nytimes.com.
Please include the following ID number when writing to
feedback@nytimes.com so that we can track any reports of problems:
HOW TO ADVERTISE
For information on advertising in e-mail newsletters or
other creative advertising opportunities with The New York
Times on the Web, please contact Alyson Racer at
alyson@nytimes.com or visit our online media kit at
Doesn't the 10 NERC days mean we start delivering on Jan. 16th, not the 15th?
Luzenac has suspended its contract for 10 NERC business days, starting Jan. 1.  Therefore, we will not schedule power to Luzenac during this time, or charge Luzenac damages.
A "NERC Business Day" is any day except for a Saturday, Sunday, or NERC holiday.  By my calculations, this means that we will resume deliveries on January 15th.
Here's another file for the 1:00PM meeting
Chris Calger
Attached please find a file for the 1:00PM meeting
Chris Calger
Donald,
I've basically just taken the paths apart that were scheduled for the 2nd and moved them down.  The only new thing is airproducts comes back into play on Thursday, a flat 6 mw. at the midc.
Sean has been adjusting the california stuff daily, and maybe moving more midc to cob or visa versa to avoid so much going to cali in case of congestion. 
If you have any questions, or if things get crazy, please don't hesitate to call me, I can come in if needed.  Otherwise, I'll plan on seeing you on the 7th.
Diane Cutsforth
Enron North America
Power Pre-Scheduling
Date: Friday, May 4, 2001 2:03:13 AM
Sean,
Attached is the payment information.  I will ask the Middle Office to look
into the amount owing for December.
Thanks.
Jay Fintz
Snohomish PUD
Of this amount, we received approximately $536,000.
Mark; Williams III, Bill; Hall, Steve C. (Legal); Blair, Kit; Gilbert,
Scotty; Mallory, Chris; Coffing, Timothy
I am told that ISO disbursed to participants the CERS monies it received last week for trade month Februrary '01 for approx. $404 million.  Every week another month is supposed to be processed but I beleive Feb was the biggest month.
Until next week I am forwarding these reports.  I should be able to update the webpage next week once I have rights.
Jill
Energy Market Report
Thursday, December 13, 2001
December 13, 2001 for December 14 and 15, 2001
Peak(Heavy)
Mid-Columbia      30.25      -2.75     33.00      -2.50
COB               32.00      -2.75     35.00      -1.75
N. California     32.50      -3.25     37.25      -1.75
S. California     31.50      -2.75     36.25      -2.75
Mead              32.50      -2.50     35.50      -3.50
Palo Verde        32.00      -2.00     36.00      -1.75
Inland SW         32.00      -2.00     36.00      -3.00
Central Rockies   26.50      -1.50     28.25      -2.00
Off-Peak(Light)
Mid-Columbia      25.00      0.00     27.00     -1.00
COB               26.00     -0.75     27.50     -2.00
N. California     27.50      0.25     31.00     -0.50
S. California     25.00     -0.50     27.00     -1.00
Mead              24.00     -0.50     27.00      0.50
Palo Verde        23.00     -0.50     26.50      0.00
Inland SW         23.00     -0.50     27.00      0.50
Central Rockies   20.00      0.00     21.50     -0.25
Third Day in the Thirties
power prices throughout the West shed a couple of dollars from Wednesday's
levels, but were said to remain in "pretty strong" territory.  While traders
primarily blamed the softer prices on the usual expectations of lower
weekend demand, others lamented that the stronger trend of late didn't coast
into a third day of trading.  "It looks like the winter could be pretty
bullish if there are additional unexpected unit outages on the horizon,"
speculated one marketer.  Nonetheless, no traders expected a return to
meet load projections through the New Year.  Helping sustain the recent
strength was another strong day in the natural gas market, with NYMEX Henry
Hub front-month pieces gaining 3.7 cents on Thursday to close at
electricity deregulation bill set to go to Congress remained in committee
this week, due primarily to concerns over state rights.  Such a bill would
reportedly grant authority to the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission above
current interstate powers, which has met opposition from both the 106th and
on lower weekend demand and weather forecasts calling for some milder
temperatures over the next several days.  Peak power at the Mid-Columbia
tube leak since Tuesday, had its ETR extended until Friday.  Flow forecasts
for Chief Joseph were little changed, coming in at 90 kcfs Friday, 55 kcfs
Saturday, 50 kcfs Sunday, and 95 kcfs next Monday through Thursday.  Weather
forecasts called for temperatures to dip slightly over the weekend, while
the latest six-to-ten from the NWS was predicting mostly above-normal
temperatures from December 19 to 23.
Despite spot natural gas prices remaining at Wednesday's robust levels and
slightly below-normal temperature forecasts for the weekend, peak power
prices in the Golden State declined a bit on Thursday.  Market players said
the day was busy, but couldn't pinpoint exactly why, with generation healthy
and other fundamentals accounted for.  Some hypothesized that with greater
scrutiny on the electricity market, some corporations were asking traders to
organize their books more thoroughly then usual at the end of this year.
ends.  Natural gas prices at the Southern California border shaved just a
reportedly will retire effective January 1, 2002.  He postponed retirement
news, California curtailments were fairly minor on Thursday.  Gas-fired unit
Crockett Cogen (260 MW), down since just Wednesday, returned to service on
Thursday.  Forecasts for Friday called for highs only in the 46 to 59 degree
range at most major load centers across the state, with overnight lows in
the 35 to 46 degree range.  Temperatures were expected to stay slightly
below normal through Monday, while the latest six-to-ten predicted normal
temperatures from December 19 to 23.
Amid cool temperatures and a sustained maintenance outage, peak power prices
nonetheless slumped in line with other prices in the West for the
ends of the price range.  In unit news, Four Corners #4 (750 MW) remained
off-line for condenser repairs, with an expected return of December 15.
Temperatures were expected to stay substantially below normal through
Sunday, with highs in the mid-50s and lows in the 30s.  Warming was
predicted for Monday, with the mercury expected to climb back into the
mid-60s.  The latest six-to-ten called for below-normal temperatures from
December 19 to 23.
Patrick O'Neill and Jessie Norris
Western Generating Unit Outages
Current                            Begins          Ends          Reason
planned
unplanned
unplanned
planned
For unit owners refer to pdf version.
December 13, 2001 for December 14, 2001
Into Cinergy    15.50    -0.50    19.00     -1.00
Western PJM     21.80    -0.30    22.70     -0.30
Into Entergy    18.50     1.25    20.00     -1.65
Into TVA        16.75    -0.25    18.50     -0.50
Forecasts for colder weather in the new week were revised on Thursday to a
more normal outlook, causing day-ahead power prices to fall across the
Eastern Interconnect.  Traders said the next week product was still changing
hands at a premium on Thursday, but most thought it would take a tumble on
Friday as the market absorbs the new forecast.  NYMEX Henry Hub natural gas
futures headed higher on colder forecasts Thursday, but the upturn was
limited by the high storage levels.  January gained 3.7 cents to end at
As the prospects for winter weather and the corresponding strong demand it
brings remained dim on Thursday, heavy load electricity prices skidded lower
in the Mid-Atlantic.  Western PJM goods were bought and sold between 21.8
outages, and said trading was generally quiet on Thursday.  Forecasts for
Friday called for even warmer temperatures, with highs reaching the mid-60s
and lows in the also comfortable mid-50s.  Cooling was expected over the
weekend, and forecasts for the first day of the new week called for highs in
the 48 to 57 degree range.  The latest six-to-ten predicted below-normal
temperatures from December 19 to 23.
On mild temperatures and not much else, peak power prices softened in the
with most transactions completed in the 17s.  Trades for the front week
corporation sold $275 million in convertible 3 year bonds with a 9.5% yield
on Thursday, up $25 million from the original estimate of $250 million worth
of bonds.  On the unit front, nuke Dresden #3 (800 MW) remained down for
water leak repairs.  High temperatures for Friday were expected in the
mid-40s, with lows about 5 degrees lower in the 34 to 40 degree range.  The
five day outlook showed little change and the latest six-to-ten called for
below-normal temperatures from December 19 to 23.
Heavy load electricity prices weakened on Thursday in the Southeast,
depressed by continued warm temperatures and a healthy generation landscape.
allowed to lease the unfinished stations from its October $3.4 billion asset
reduction to private corporations for financing to complete them.  High
temperatures were expected uniformly in the 60s across the Southeast through
Monday.  The latest six-to-ten predicted below-normal temperatures from
December 19 to 23.
for 14-Dec-01         NW1 to NP15             0.00     0.00
BOM            28.50    30.00    29.25    30.50    30.75    31.50
January        28.00    29.50    29.00    30.00    30.00    31.00
February       24.50    26.00    26.75    27.75    26.50    27.50
March          22.25    23.75    26.50    27.50    27.00    28.00
Q1 '02         25.00    26.50    28.25    29.25    29.00    30.00
Q2 '02         21.00    22.50    29.75    30.75    29.00    30.00
Q3 '02         36.00    37.50    47.50    48.50    44.00    45.00
Q4 '02         31.00    32.50    30.25    31.25    32.00    33.00
Cal '03        30.00    32.00    35.00    36.00    37.00    38.00
by the Energy Market Report.
for  12-Dec-01       41.53      40.88      21.76      35.06    -2.17
Sumas             2.59         2.64
So. Cal Border    2.67         2.72
San Juan          2.40         2.45
Economic Insight, Inc. - 3004 SW First, Portland, Oregon 97201,
Telephone (503) 222-2425, Internet e-mail emr@econ.com -
Steve,
Following up on our conversations today, attached is a draft fact sheet and our contract with PGE for 180 MW of capacity on the Intertie.  Because the contract is in the money both today and on an expected future basis, Belden and Calger recommend continued demand-charge payments to retain the contract's  value to the estate.  Based on my reading, the contract is assignable either to a third party or Netco.  If we default, the capacity would revert to PGE and PGE would sell it at a maximum of its tariffed rate, which is what EPMI pays today. 
I am told that ISO disbursed to participants the CERS monies it received last week for trade month Februrary '01 for approx. $404 million.  Every week another month is supposed to be processed but I beleive Feb was the biggest month.
CAISO is essentially suspending 10-minute dispatch for energy supplied on the ties!  If you get dispatched at the beginning of the hour, you will stay on for the entire hour.
Alan Comnes
Beginning at 2359 on December 12, 2001, the ISO will alter the way it  pays inter-tie bids for Energy.  Specifically, the ISO (1) will continue to pre-dispatch an inter-tie bid in merit order in the BEEP stack before the beginning of the operating hour but (2) now ensure such a bid is dispatched throughout the entire operating hour (i.e., never reversed), thus paying the bid the Instructed Energy Price for all ten-minute intervals in that hour.  As before, the ISO must continue to comply with the Commission's June 19 Order and so the  inter-ties can not set the Market Clearing Price.
Market Participants
The attached notice describes changes going into effect at 23:59 tonight
regarding discontinuance of non-public information flow to CDWR and also a
new procedure for payment of Intertie bids. Please pass this message
immediately to all departments that could be involved in real-time bids and
dispatches in the California markets.
Communications
CRCommunications@caiso.com
Hello, Everyone -
This notice confirms the review session next week on December 19, 2001, at
the Kingstad Conference Center first floor meeting room.  The Kingstad
Conference Center is located at 5933 NE Win Sivers Drive, about three miles
east of the Portland Airport.  The meeting will begin at 8:30 a.m. and end
by 12:30 p.m.
The purpose of the meeting is to "walk through" preliminary rough drafts of
write-ups on Congestion Management, Pricing, and Facilities Inclusion.  We
are presenting these preliminary rough drafts together because of the
interest expressed at the last RRG meeting to see how these interrelated
concepts work together.  We are not planning to walk through the drafts on
Planning and Market Monitoring because they have been extensively discussed
at previous RRG and Content Group meetings.  But we will be prepared to
discuss any questions about them.  The preliminary rough drafts on all of
these subjects will be posted on the RTO West website - www.rtowest.org -
before the meeting, and we will send a notice to you when they are available
on the website.
Because this review meeting is open to members of the various content groups
as well as the RRG, I will send this notice to several exploder lists.
Therefore, some of you who are on multiple lists will get duplicative copies
of this notice.  Please feel free to vent your annoyance with me about this
at the December 19 meeting.  We'll also provide a schedule for completing
work on the March 1 filing to FERC at the December 19 meeting.
We look forward to seeing you next week on December 19.
Sean -
If this is not exactly what you wanted, just let me know...
The AT&T cell phone representative is here this morning at 10:00am in Mt. Hood.  If you need to ask questions or set a cellular service up please come see her.  She is NOT delivering phones OR new phone numbers today.  The phones I believe will be shipped out by FedEx. 
Thanks,
Jill
I have updated the list to reflect all changes received. If you notice any more errors or if any counterparties have been reassigned, please let me know so that I can continue to make changes.
Also, please see Louise's additions at the bottom of the list (from Adams Resources Marketing downward) and let me know if you have good relationships with any of these counterparties and could please take responsibility for them. Otherwise, our marketing team will be contacting these customers.
Finally, please note that even though there may be names for a specific counterparty in both the gas and the power columns, the person ultimately responsible for contacting that customer regarding the password application and registration forms is the person in the PA column on the far right.
Please remember when you are speaking to your customers to get all contact info possibly including contact name, phone and fax, e-mail, and address and send all this to Mary Griff Gray so that she can send them the PA and registration forms. 
Please call me at 5-3614 if you have any questions or come by my desk at 06541.
Jennifer McQuade
For the past several weeks, we have been working diligently to receive the parking subsidy from Houston.  However, due to the bankruptcy filing Enron has not been able to process checks.  
For the month of December, you will be personally responsible for your parking. This includes all parking lots (Lot 108, Lot 303, the WTC parking garage) and any parking validations.  
It has not been determined whether Enron will continue to subsidize parking but you will be notified as soon as we receive information from Corporate.
We sincerely apologize for the insufficient notice and the inconvenience that this may have caused.  Again, thank you for the patience.  We are all trying to do our best in a difficult situation!
Human Resources
Julie Kearney 
Grace Rodriguez
The New York Times on the Web
Friday, December 7, 2001
For news updated throughout the day, visit www.nytimes.com
Examine the World of J. R. R. Tolkien
The New York Times and New Line Cinema have teamed up to
explore the world of J. R. R. Tolkien. This sponsored feature
includes articles from the New York Times archives, slide
shows of Tolkien's artwork, multimedia presentations from
New Line Cinema, weekly trivia quizzes and more.
QUOTE OF THE DAY
lost liberty, my message is this: your tactics only aid
terrorists."
NATIONAL
Indiana Factory Shooting Leaves 2 Dead and 6 Hurt
Hours after arguing with a co-worker, an angry employee
opened fire at a small factory in Goshen, Ind., killing one
worker and wounding six others before committing suicide.
Mail at Federal Reserve Tests Positive for Anthrax
A batch of mail delivered to the Federal Reserve on
Wednesday tested positive for anthrax, raising further
concern about cross-contamination among letters in the
postal system.
U.S. Appeals Court Hears Debate on Race-Based Admissions
The constitutionality of race-conscious admissions policies
at the University of   Michigan was debated before a
federal appeals court in Cincinnati.
MORE NATIONAL NEWS:
The New York Times Electronic Edition, now available
all the pictures, headlines and text of the entire New
York edtion of The Times in precisely the same format at the
physical newspaper.
INTERNATIONAL
Surrender Deal May Hinge on Amnesty for Mullah Omar
The Taliban agreed on Thursday to surrender the city of
Kandahar, but negotiators had yet to resolve the fate of
Mullah Muhammad Omar, the Taliban leader.
Officials Say Bomber of the Cole Was in Yemeni Custody
Earlier
One of the suicide bombers who attacked the destroyer Cole
last year had been arrested  and released  just 17 months
earlier by Yemeni authorities.
Fatah-Hamas Truce Seen; Israel Continues Retaliatory Strikes
Yasir Arafat's Fatah faction and the extremist   group Hamas
appeared to have achieved a fragile truce on Thursday,
after clashes left a young Hamas activist dead.
MORE INTERNATIONAL NEWS:
BUSINESS
Retailers Post Dismal Sales for November
The nation's merchants reported sales growth for November
that was below already low expectations, as not even
desperate pre-holiday price slashing   enticed consumers to
spend.
AOL's Problems Go Beyond Even Harry Potter's Magic
AOL Time Warner's new management team faces a whole range of
urgent operating challenges on the way to realizing its
enduring dreams of media convergence.
House Supports Trading Powers Sought by Bush
The House passed legislation that gives the Bush
administration a stronger hand to negotiate trade
agreements.
MORE BUSINESS NEWS:
TECHNOLOGY
AOL's Problems Go Beyond Even Harry Potter's Magic
AOL Time Warner's new management team faces a whole range of
urgent operating challenges on the way to realizing its
enduring dreams of media convergence.
Intel and Advanced Micro Devices raised their financial
forecasts for the current quarter, saying that their
microprocessors that power personal computers were selling
better than expected.
Deal for COR Continues Merger Trend in Biotech
Millennium Pharmaceuticals said that it would buy COR
Therapeutics, the maker of the heart drug Integrilin, for
about $2 billion in stock.
MORE TECHNOLOGY NEWS:
POLITICS
Ashcroft Defends Antiterror Plan and Says Criticism May Aid
Foes
Attorney General John Ashcroft defended the Bush
administration's array of antiterrorism proposals and
accused some critics of aiding terrorists.
House Supports Trading Powers Sought by Bush
The House passed legislation that gives the Bush
administration a stronger hand to negotiate trade
agreements.
Republicans in Senate Win Round on Curbing Spending
Republicans won two early skirmishes in their effort to
block $7.5 billion in additional spending for domestic
security and $7.5 billion in aid to New York.
MORE POLITICS NEWS:
SPORTS
Giambi Deal Is Expected, but No One Says When
Jason Giambi is eventually expected to sign a seven-year
contract for around $17 million a year, but Yankees
officials and Giambi's agent stress that the agreement is
not completed.
Putting a Price on the Heisman
Besides determining a tight race among quarterback
candidates, the big question looming for the members of the
Downtown Athletic Club this year is just how much the
Heisman Trophy is worth.
Selig Defends Contraction to Congress
Commissioner Bud Selig told the House Judiciary Committee
why baseball needed to eliminate two teams and why its
economic system led to a $519 million loss last season.
MORE SPORTS NEWS:
ARTS
The Miracle of Coltrane: Dead at 40, Still Vital at 75
John Coltrane's albums are better understood   as markers of
his own thought than of jazz at the time.
Auction Houses Are Set Back by Price-Fixing Conviction
After the conviction of Sotheby's former chairman, A. Alfred
Taubman, for his pivotal role in the conspiracy, the
economic situation   for Sotheby's and Christie's looks
many times worse.
For a Body That Nobody Ever Had
Museum of Art's Costume Institute may be the ultimate
fashion survey.
MORE ARTS NEWS:
NY REGION
Clouds Loom for New York, but Bloomberg Stays Sunny
Mayor-elect Michael R. Bloomberg is taking office without
blaming his predecessor for the financial crisis that he is
inheriting.
In the Ongoing Search for Bodies, Hope Is Derived From the
Horror
The discovery of bodies on the lower levels of the ruins of
the World Trade Center confirms a theory that the deeper
recovery workers dig, the greater the chances of finding
human remains.
Auction Houses Are Set Back by Price-Fixing Conviction
After the conviction of Sotheby's former chairman, A. Alfred
Taubman, for his pivotal role in the conspiracy, the
economic situation   for Sotheby's and Christie's looks
many times worse.
MORE NY REGION NEWS:
OP-ED
Hitting the Trifecta
By PAUL KRUGMAN
President Bush and Enron used the same strategy: Use cooked
numbers to justify big giveaways at the top. Then, if
things don't work out, let ordinary workers pay the price.
Welcome to Kabul
By NICHOLAS D. KRISTOF
America needs to deploy diplomats in Afghanistan as well as
troops.
The Peacemaker of the Pashtun
By KARL E. MEYER
Pashtuns are thought of as warriors, but they also produced
one of the most remarkable pacifist movements of the 20th
century.
MORE OP-ED  NEWS:
CONTRIBUTE TO THE NEEDIEST CASES FUND
Make an online donation this Holiday Season to The New York
Times Neediest Cases Fund to help thousands of people,
HOW TO CHANGE YOUR SUBSCRIPTION
You received these headlines because you requested The New
York Times Direct e-mail service. To cancel delivery,
change delivery options, change your e-mail address or sign
Check or uncheck the headlines you would like to receive
and remember to go to the bottom of the page and click on
feedback are welcome at feedback@nytimes.com.
Please include the following ID number when writing to
feedback@nytimes.com so that we can track any reports of problems:
HOW TO ADVERTISE
For information on advertising in e-mail newsletters or
other creative advertising opportunities with The New York
Times on the Web, please contact Alyson Racer at
alyson@nytimes.com or visit our online media kit at
Class Schedule
Friday 10-12 Mt Hood:
Professor Todd Perry will lead a Derivatives Class
Monday 10-12 Mt Hood:
Mr. Dave Fuller will lead a Well Head to Burner Tip Class
Please let me know if you are interested in leading a class.
This article from NYTimes.com 
has been sent to you by dcherry@bpa.gov.
FYI
dcherry@bpa.gov
Special Offer to NY Times customers:
Get FREE shipping on orders of $75 or more at Starbucks.com
Enron Paid Out 'Retention' Bonuses Before Bankruptcy Filing
December 6, 2001 
By RICHARD A. OPPEL Jr. and KURT EICHENWALD
Just days before Enron filed for bankruptcy and laid off
HOW TO ADVERTISE
For information on advertising in e-mail newsletters 
or other creative advertising opportunities with The 
New York Times on the Web, please contact Alyson 
Racer at alyson@nytimes.com or visit our online media 
For general information about NYTimes.com, write to 
help@nytimes.com.  
As stated in our November 16 issue of The Prometheus File, Reed Wasden Research will be sending our daily publication and morning notes for a 45-day trial period.  Included is our daily update and notes on companies that RWR follows.  For those who do not wish to receive the daily updates, please reply with WEEKLY ONLY as the subject.  Please allow one day for your request to be processed.    
Best regards, 
Cary, Peter and the Team
ancillary, or control area services from BPA-TBL, subject to my letter of
than over the Customer Web Interface.  Please let me know if you have any
questions.
Take care,
Sean,
You stated that Enron will not be able to deliver the 10 MW HLH energy MID C
Pursuant to Section 21.3 of the WSPP Agreement we will take steps to
mitigate damages for failure to deliver power.
Please reply with your written confirmation.
Thanks,
You have received this message because someone has attempted to send you an e-mail from outside of Enron with an attachment type that Enron does not allow into our messaging environment. Your e-mail has been quarantined and is being held at the MailSweeper server.
Sender:  BBuffenbarger@caiso.com
Date:  Tue, 4 Dec 2001 12:18:43 -0800 
If the intended email is of valid business-related content and you believe it requires Enron resources to retrieve it, you may call your Help Desk and ask to have it released from quarantine and delivered to your e-mail Inbox. Your message will be scanned and checked for viruses prior to requested release.  If it contains a virus or there is reason to suspect it is malicious code, it will not be delivered.
North American Resolution Center: 713 853 1411
European Resolution Center: 0044 207 78 36777
EES Help Desk: 888 853 9797
ETS Solution Center: 713 345 4745 (Houston) or 402 398 7454 (Omaha)
Hello, Everyone - 
RTO West will hold two days of meetings Monday, February 11, and Tuesday, February 12, 2002 to review, discuss and seek consensus on the draft filing that RTO West is preparing to submit to FERC by March 1.  These sessions are part of a broader consensus seeking activity with stakeholders, the Congressional delegation, and all parties interested in RTO West.  The meetings will afford an opportunity to Regional Representatives to prioritize and explain their key issues to the RTO West principals.
The meetings will be Monday, February 11, from 8:30 a.m. until 5:00 p.m. and Tuesday, February 12, from 8:30 a.m. until 4:00 p.m. at the Shilo Inn located at 11707 NE Airport Way.  The Shilo Inn is about 2-3 miles east of the Portland Airport and east of I-205.  From I-205 take exit 24 from the north or exit 24B from the south.  If you need overnight accommodations, the Shilo Inn phone number is 503-252-7500.
The draft filing will be posted by February 6.  We will notify you when it is on the RTO West website.  We will also be sending you an agenda for the sessions with structured time slots for input on specific elements of the draft filing.  During the afternoon session on February 12, preliminary Benefit Cost Study results will be presented for discussion.
The working agenda is as follows:
On February 11
On February 12
Again, you can expect a more detailed agenda for the meetings and a notice that the draft filing is posted by February 6.
Thank you,
Christine Elliott,
RTO West Coordinating Team
chrisrtowest@earthlink.net <mailto:chrisrtowest@earthlink.net>
Receiver, InterScan has detected virus(es) in the e-mail attachment.
Date:  	Tue, 04 Dec 2001 12:38:20 -0800
Method:	Mail
File:  	gone.scr
Action:	clean failed - deleted
Email is once again available.
Dave
Immediately delete and DO NOT OPEN email 
Attached file:    GONE.SCR
This is a serious virus and we are working on a solution.
Immediately delete and DO NOT OPEN email 
Attached file:    GONE.SCR
This is a serious virus and we are working on a solution.
Unfortunately, two employees were missed on the list distributed earlier.  We will miss them and wish them the best.    
Patty Deas, Technical Analysis
Vicky Ha, San Francisco Office
Yesterday we lost several of our valuable employees.  We appreciate their individual contributions and wish them the best.  They will be missed. 
URM Group
David Porter
David Frost
San Francisco Office
Ibrahim Qureishi
Michael Wong
Victor Browner
Edith Turnipseed
Technical Analysis Group
Walter Coffer
Larry Soderquist
Mark Mullen
Mark Fillinger
IT Development Team
Lei Chen
Susmitha Nalluri
Legal Team
Steve McCarrel
Eric Merten
IT Support Team
Darryl Miles
Gov't Affairs Team
Kara Ausenhus
Jennifer Tomei
Risk Assessment & Control
Minal Dalia
Please let me know if you have any questions.
Yesterday we lost several of our valuable employees.  We appreciate their individual contributions and wish them the best.  They will be missed. 
URM Group
David Porter
David Frost
San Francisco Office
Ibrahim Qureishi
Michael Wong
Victor Browner
Edith Turnipseed
Technical Analysis Group
Walter Coffer
Larry Soderquist
Mark Mullen
Mark Fillinger
IT Development Team
Lei Chen
Susmitha Nalluri
Legal Team
Steve McCarrel
Eric Merten
IT Support Team
Darryl Miles
Gov't Affairs Team
Kara Ausenhus
Jennifer Tomei
Risk Assessment & Control
Minal Dalia
Please let me know if you have any questions.
Many of you have asked whether you should come into the office next week, especially if there is no guarantee of being paid for time worked after today.  We want to encourage you to come to work.  We continue to consider every option available to us as a company; and unfortunately, restructuring through bankruptcy is one of those options.  Your continued efforts during these trying times are critical to the company as we go through this decision making process.
I still cannot say with certainty if or when we will file for bankruptcy.  But you should be aware that, in general, the bankruptcy code provides protection for employee salaries and wages earned within 90 days of a petition filing to the extent of $4,650 per employee.  I want you to know that if we file a bankruptcy petition, we intend to seek approval by the bankruptcy court to exercise that protection immediately and pay you for your time worked prior to any petition filing according to our regular payroll practices.  Additionally, Enron would be obligated and will pay salaries and wages earned after a bankruptcy filing. For Enron, where our value is directly tied to our employees, making sure that we meet these obligations will be a high priority.
We are continuing to evaluate the ongoing resource needs of the company for each potential option we might pursue.  Of course, until we finalize those business decisions, we cannot make that determination.  I know that this prolonged process is agonizing for you.  I can only continue to assure you that we will notify you of your employment status as soon as we are able to do so.
While terminated employees will tap into their own network of contacts as they look for new employment, we hope to do what we can to assist them.  We will tap into the contacts we have as a company to aid terminated employees in their job search.  We have already been in touch with several employers and many are interested in Enron alumni.  We will share more information on these efforts soon.
I appreciate your continued patience and cooperation.
This article from NYTimes.com 
has been sent to you by dcherry@bpa.gov.
FYI
dcherry@bpa.gov
Special Offer to NY Times customers:
Spend $100 & ship free at Starbucks.com
Foundation Gives Way on Chief's Big Dream
November 29, 2001 
By JOHN SCHWARTZ and RICHARD A. OPPEL Jr.
Well before anyone could imagine that Enron might collapse,
Kenneth L. Lay was stumped. In an interview in August, he
dismissed questions about a vague clause in the energy
company's annual report that hinted at bigger problems if
its stock price or credit rating fell below certain levels.
on questions about a bewildering constellation of business
partnerships that involved Enron's former chief financial
officer, he said, "You're getting way over my head." 
At the least, Mr. Lay - a man of big ideas, a crusader for
free markets, a risk taker in the Texas wildcatter
tradition - had taken his eye off the ball. While he was
busy befriending the nation's most powerful politicians,
erecting one of the tallest buildings in Houston and
pasting Enron's logo on the city's new ballpark, the little
things were turning out to be Mr. Lay's big problems. 
One after another, disclosures spilled out of his company
over the last month: the partnerships had hidden billions
in debt; years of Enron's reported profits had been
exaggerated; the government was investigating. Rivals were
shunning Enron's energy trading desks, which Mr. Lay had
built into the world's leaders. And sure enough, the stock
price tumbled day after day, and credit agencies lowered
Enron's ratings once and then yesterday again, turning the
company's debt to junk and its shares into a penny stock. 
Three weeks ago, Mr. Lay tried to salvage his creation by
selling it to Dynegy, his Houston rival. Yesterday, Dynegy
pulled out of the deal. Deprived of enough information, and
then repelled by what they learned, the free markets in
which Mr. Lay had put so much faith all but destroyed, in a
matter of weeks, everything he had built. 
not have been disastrous," said Bob McNair, a Houston
energy entrepreneur who sold the bulk of his own company to
Enron three years ago. But Enron, he said in an interview
this month, was like a race car, and the markets like an
unforgiving track. "It's a lot harder to keep it on the
track at 200 miles per hour," he said. "You hit a bump and
you're off the track." 
in the markets' wisdom. He studied economics at the
University of Missouri, living at home to save on room and
board, and eventually earned a Ph.D. in the subject. As a
naval officer serving in the Pentagon, he worked to develop
more efficient accounting systems. Later, he served as an
aide to a federal government regulator for the natural gas
industry - a market that Enron would come to dominate. 
Moving into the private sector, he worked his way up the
ranks of the natural gas industry, becoming chief executive
in 1984 of the Houston Natural Gas Corporation, a big
regional pipeline operator. He engineered its merger with
Internorth, an Omaha pipeline company, and then became
chief executive of the combined company and changed its
name to Enron. 
Mr. Lay saw Enron's mission as far more than being a
conduit for fuel. At the time, gas prices were regulated
and pipelines played a relatively passive role; buyers and
sellers could not cut deals on the fly. But as oil prices
plunged in the mid-80's and gas users began switching to
cheaper fuel oil, Mr. Lay returned to Washington to argue,
successfully, for rules changes that he said would save the
pipeline business by allowing operators to shop for the
best deals from both gas producers and utilities. 
The new flexibility brought the threat of chaos, however,
as natural gas prices began fluctuating wildly. That is
when the new Enron was truly born. To help customers shield
themselves from risk, Mr. Lay's Enron developed hedging
contracts for gas like those traded in the markets for corn
and copper and winter wheat. Its innovative "gas bank" let
utilities lock up the long-term prices that they craved;
Enron lined up the gas supplies from producers, arranged
for delivery - and took a cut of every deal. 
That business became the forerunner of Enron's entry into
hundreds of other markets, helping customers obtain
supplies and manage risks in products ranging from electric
power to pulp and paper and, most recently, fast broadband
access to the Internet. Trading soon provided more of the
company's profits than the traditional natural gas
business. 
While other companies, including Dynegy, focused on
accumulating hard assets like pipelines, turbines and gas
fields, Enron increasingly saw itself as a pure trading
company with an almost limitless future. 
biggest corporation in the world," Mr. Lay's handpicked
successor as Enron's chief executive, Jeffrey K. Skilling,
on the Internet. Even the book's title, "Radical E: From GE
attained. Enron, the authors wrote, was "creating a culture
in which radical and creative thinking is encouraged and
rewarded." 
Mr. Skilling abruptly resigned in August, after just six
months on the job, propelling Mr. Lay back into the gritty
details of Enron's businesses that he had sought to leave
As the company grew, he had become increasingly involved in
public affairs, serving as host when a global economic
conference was held in Houston in 1990 and when the
Republican National Convention came to the city in 1992. 
Like the leaders of many big Texas businesses - the
construction colossus Brown & Root after World War II or
Ross Perot's Electronic Data Systems in the 1960's - Mr.
Lay knew the value of courting politicians and policy
makers. 
He played golf with President Bill Clinton; became good
friends with the Texas governor, Ann Richards; and
supported Senator Phil Gramm of Texas, whose wife, Wendy, a
former chairwoman of the Commodities Futures Trading
Commission, joined Enron's board. 
consultant in New York. Asked to be more specific, she
said, "He's at the meeting" - meaning she could count on
Mr. Lay to become directly involved with whatever she asked
him to do, and not just sign onto a project for show. 
Mr. Lay's deepest political ties were with the Bush family.
In the 1980's, he became a major fund-raiser for George H.
W. Bush. When Mr. Bush lost his 1992 campaign for re-
election as president, Mr. Lay brought a number of senior
Bush aides to Enron as directors or consultants, including
James A. Baker III, the former secretary of state, and
Robert A. Mosbacher, the former secretary of commerce. 
Mr. Lay also cultivated Mr. Bush's son George W. long
before he was considered a serious national candidate.
After the younger Mr. Bush's election as Texas governor in
Council, an important advisory post. 
The bond with President Bush is personal. As governor, Mr.
Bush sent Mr. Lay a kidding note in 1997. "One of the sad
things about old friends is that they seem to be getting
older - just like you!" he wrote. "55 years old. Wow! That
is really old. Thank goodness you have such a young,
beautiful wife," he added, a reference to Mr. Lay's wife,
Linda. 
In 1999, Mr. Lay sent a handwritten Christmas note to Mr.
Bush and his wife, Laura. "Linda and I are so proud of both
of you and look forward to seeing both of you in the White
House," he wrote. 
Yesterday, the White House press secretary, Ari Fleischer,
said the Treasury Department was monitoring Enron's
downfall for its effect on the market. Asked if the
president himself had any reaction, Mr. Fleisher said, "The
president's reaction is that it should be monitored." 
In some ways, Enron's collapse was one more example of the
bursting of the Internet bubble. But Mr. Lay was not some
stylish dot-com brat; by all accounts, he is an immensely
likable product of Middle America. Growing up in tiny Rush
Hill, Mo., he was driving a tractor by age 12 and salting
away savings. By 16, his sister Sharon recalled this week,
two jobs in the summer, painting houses." 
easy way," she said. 
That work ethic ran in the family. Mr. Lay's father was a
minister who also sold farm equipment. The family's
finances were spotty, "at times no money, at times some
money," Ms. Lay recalled. Still, the Lays took in people
from their church who were in need. 
Over the last decade or so, Mr. Lay earned some $300
million from Enron, mostly by exercising stock options.
Earlier this month, when employees grew incensed at the
prospect of his collecting a big severance package with the
company's sale to Dynegy, he volunteered to walk away from
Mr. McNair, the Houston entrepreneur, who has known Mr. Lay
for years, suggested that perhaps everything had not been
disclosed to him. "Maybe the people who reported to him
telling him everything," he said. 
Mr. McNair said he spoke to Mr. Lay recently and found him
devastated." 
In the end, it seems, the man whose company did so much to
help others manage their risk could not manage his own. 
HOW TO ADVERTISE
For information on advertising in e-mail newsletters 
or other creative advertising opportunities with The 
New York Times on the Web, please contact Alyson 
Racer at alyson@nytimes.com or visit our online media 
For general information about NYTimes.com, write to 
help@nytimes.com.  
The New York Times on the Web
Monday, February 4, 2002
For news updated throughout the day, visit www.nytimes.com
QUOTE OF THE DAY
and they were looking for someone to sprinkle some holy
water on them."
Andersen oversight committee.
NATIONAL
Group Backs Gays Who Seek to Adopt a Partner's Child
The American Academy of Pediatrics is announcing its support
on Monday for the right of gay men and lesbians to adopt
their partners' children.
Bush to Request Big Spending Push on Bioterrorism
The Bush administration has decided to seek $11 billion over
two years to protect the nation against bioterrorism, far
more than experts had expected.
As Trust Develops, Guards Still Maintain Full Alert
Tensions are easing at the Guantanamo Bay Naval Station
in Cuba as the American captors and their prisoners from
Afghanistan begin to see each other in human terms.
MORE NATIONAL NEWS:
Sign up now for DealBook for Breaking News and Market-Moving Intelligence
Your source for daily briefings on the latest
and most comprehensive news about market-moving
mergers and acquisitions, IPOs, private equity
transactions, venture capital deals and Wall Street
maneuverings, all delivered before the market's
opening bell.  Edited by Andrew Ross Sorkin.
Sign up now at:
INTERNATIONAL
Leaders Warn U.S. It Must Deal Head-On With Mideast
Leaders gathered for the World Economic Forum have warned
that the Bush administration cannot win a war on terrorism
if does not deal with the Middle East.
Pakistani Police Make Little Progress in Search for Reporter
The police in Pakistan have found no solid evidence linking
any suspects to the kidnapping of American journalist
Daniel Pearl.
Bin Laden's Trail Is Lost, but Officials Suspect He Is Alive
A month after United States officials expressed confidence
that they had cornered Osama bin Laden, they now
acknowledge they have lost track of the terrorist leader.
MORE INTERNATIONAL NEWS:
BUSINESS
Former Fed Chief Picked to Oversee Auditor of Enron
Arthur Andersen on Sunday gave extraordinary authority to an
oversight panel to be led by the former Federal Reserve
Board chairman, Paul A. Volcker.
Talk of Crime Grows Louder, Spurred by Report
The report released Saturday by a special committee of Enron
raises the specter that at the foundation of the company's
downfall was a series of multimillion-dollar crimes.
Barnesandnoble.com Officially Names Chief
After two years without an official chief executive,
Barnesandnoble.com, the online bookstore, has named Marie
J. Toulantis to the post.
MORE BUSINESS NEWS:
TECHNOLOGY
The Increase in Chip Speed Is Accelerating, Not Slowing
At the world's premier chip design conference, there is
evidence that PC performance increases of the last two
years will not slow in the near   future, but actually
accelerate.
WebMD Is Somewhat Stronger After Therapy
After 15 months of turnaround therapy administered by Martin
J. Wygod, who took over WebMD from its founders, the stock
price has rebounded somewhat.
It's the Scion vs. the Board in Merger Fight
The dispute over Hewlett-Packard's plan to buy Compaq tends
but is it the right two?
MORE TECHNOLOGY NEWS:
POLITICS
Bush to Request Big Spending Push on Bioterrorism
The Bush administration has decided to seek $11 billion over
two years to protect the nation against bioterrorism, far
more than experts had expected.
In New Hampshire, a New Face Gets a Warm Welcome
This weekend Senator John Edwards began early presidential
politicking in New Hampshire, garnering interest for being
a fresh face among the current field of Democrats.
Former Fed Chief Picked to Oversee Auditor of Enron
Arthur Andersen on Sunday gave extraordinary authority to an
oversight panel to be led by the former Federal Reserve
Board chairman, Paul A. Volcker.
MORE POLITICS NEWS:
SPORTS
Patriots Claim the Super Bowl
Adam Vinatieri kicked a 48-yard field goal as time expired
the St. Louis Rams.
Patriots Help Vinatieri Experience the Moment
Jermaine Wiggins for 6 yards put Adam Vinatieri in his
comfort zone.
Gogel Finds Redemption
Matt Gogel caught Pat Perez on the back nine and won the
AT&T Pebble Beach National Pro-Am for his first PGA
MORE SPORTS NEWS:
ARTS
TV Diet of Torture Games and Gross-Out Stunts
Rude, crude and above all dumb,  shows like "Fear Factor"
are part of  the mainstreaming of  a gross new world of
television.
Loving and Losing to Chase the Blues
The talented R & B singer Alicia Keys  played a concert
at Radio City Music Hall on Friday  that was a  night of
celebration, not innovation.
Singers Merge Politics With Patriotism
Sunday's pregame and halftime shows were, as they were meant
was easy to see where it all came from.
MORE ARTS NEWS:
NY REGION
Candidates Try to Fathom New York's Shifting Voters
The rules that have long guided candidates seeking statewide
office in New York seem to have been thrown out the window
over the last four years.
A Little Violence and Lots of Police Equal 150 Arrests Far
The calm that had infused the weekend's protests against the
World Economic Forum ended on Sunday, when demonstrators
Side.
Albany Bill Would Cover Birth Control
Republican lawmakers have offered a compromise bill
requiring health insurers to cover contraceptives.
MORE NY REGION NEWS:
OP-ED
Sharon Enters Armistice Talks
By WILLIAM SAFIRE
Last Wednesday night, Prime Minister Ariel Sharon gave me
his telephonic account of what could be the start of a true
Sneak Attack
By  BOB HERBERT
Bush administration officials presented a plan as an
altruistic attempt to  bring more health care benefits to
low-income pregnant women. It  was actually a guerrilla
attack on  abortion rights.
America and Anti-Americans
By SALMAN RUSHDIE
America finds itself facing a broader ideological adversary
that may  turn out to be as hard to defeat as  militant
Islam:  anti-Americanism.
MORE OP-ED  NEWS:
HOW TO CHANGE YOUR SUBSCRIPTION
You received these headlines because you requested The New
York Times Direct e-mail service. To cancel delivery,
change delivery options, change your e-mail address or sign
Check or uncheck the headlines you would like to receive
and remember to go to the bottom of the page and click on
feedback are welcome at feedback@nytimes.com.
Please include the following ID number when writing to
feedback@nytimes.com so that we can track any reports of problems:
HOW TO ADVERTISE
For information on advertising in e-mail newsletters or
other creative advertising opportunities with The New York
Times on the Web, please contact onlinesales@nytimes.com or
it's like a big shit sandwich--every day is just another bite.  Keep me in mind when you're VP of Pacificorp--we want to come back to Portland!
Miller!
For the love of JESUS!  How are you.  What's up with the layoffs?  Absolutely amazing.  I have seen it all now.
Can you believe this?  I was hoping to call but the "peoplefinder" isn't working now.  I was hoping to hear "FOR THE LOVE OF GOD!!!" one more time.
Can you believe this?  I was hoping to call but the "peoplefinder" isn't working now.  I was hoping to hear "FOR THE LOVE OF GOD!!!" one more time.
okay but I figured your probably being bombarded with calls right now, so I
was just waiting for some time.  There are a lot of rumors out there? Are
you okay? The latest piece of news is your possible chapter 7 filing, and
I've been raking my mind trying to see if you guys will be taken care of in
that case. I know you all have personal contracts.  Its amazing how a great
company like Enron can come tumbling down to its knees.  I can't even
imagine the atmosphere over there, I was watching the screen as you guys
pulled all of your numbers, I really couldn't speak for a second.  This
industry is never boring that's for sure.  I've been getting calls from
everyone, it looks like the key word for the day is exposure....
So what do you think?  Pretty wild, huh?
may contain confidential and privileged material for the sole use of the
intended recipient (s). Any review, use, distribution or disclosure by
others is strictly prohibited. If you are not the intended recipient (or
authorized to receive for the recipient), please contact the sender or reply
copies of the message. This e-mail (and any attachments hereto) are not
intended to be an offer (or an acceptance) and do not create or evidence a
binding and enforceable contract between Enron Corp. (or any of its
affiliates) and the intended recipient or any other party, and may not be
relied on by anyone as the basis of a contract by estoppel or otherwise.
Thank you. 
PG&E National Energy Group and any other
company referenced herein that uses the PG&E name or
logo are not the same company as Pacific Gas and
Electric Company, the regulated California utility.  Neither
PG&E National Energy Group nor these other
referenced companies are regulated by the California Public
Utilities Commission.  Customers of Pacific Gas and Electric Company
do not have to buy products from these companies in order
Hello, Everyone - 
This confirms the RTO West Regional Representatives Group meeting for this Friday, November 30, 2001, at the Kingstad Conference Center first floor meeting room (this is the same place we met for the last RRG meeting).   The meeting will begin at 8:30 a.m. PST and end by 12:30 p.m.
The address of the Kingstad Center is 5933 NE Win Sivers Drive, located about three miles directly east of the Portland airport.  Go about three miles east of Airport Way and take a right on Win Sivers Drive and right again at the second driveway.  Parking will be available in Kingstad marked spaces as well as overflow parking in the Leatherman's lot across the street.  If you have any questions about the logistics for the meeting, please call Judy Welch at (503) 262-9421.
The working agenda is:
Chris Elliott for
Bud Krogh
perfect.  
thanks for your help on this,
Fran
ok try again
the 2nd is fixed
ds
Diana and Sean:
As the month-end is approaching, I am hoping we can clear the above issues up before Settlements captures the wrong P&L.
Thanks,
Fran
Diana and Sean:
As the month-end is approaching, I am hoping we can clear the above issues up before Settlements captures the wrong P&L.
Thanks,
Fran
FYI?
Replays at 10 p.m. ET on CNNfn 
Tuesday, November 27, 2001  
What to do when your company's stock has dropped 90 percent? Find out how a Houston energy company is making a comeback and moving forward on a controversial buyout. Join Lou Dobbs for a report on the troubles at Enron. 
We also need a box that says "Include only Dart Deals"
Please also  make absolutely sure that this is included in the PSW build route, as we use it nearly exclusively now.Vish knows about our problems with that.
Cara
Cara:
Fran,
We worked on excluding the DART deals from the BuildRoute report.
The report will look like that:
If you have the "Exclude DART deals" box unchecked then you will get a file like this:
Deal 500056.1 is a DART deal.
If you have "Exclude DART deals" box checked then you will get a file like this:
Please let me know if that's what you need to see.
I can send you similar files that show more then 3 deals.
Thanks!
Nikolay
Bill:
Since the Enpower status meeting is cancelled today, just wanna follow up with you on the progress of the DART project.  I would appreciate it if you could let me know so I can update the traders on this.
Regards,
Fran
Fran:
Regards,
Bill x53492
Bill:
EOL IT group (Torrey Moorer) has created a new DART product for us in testing stage.  We will need the Build Route Reports to be revised accordingly (please see the attached emails).  Would you have someone in your group work on this and let us know the timeline so we can follow up.  Please call me if you have any questions.
Regards,
Fran Chang
West Power Risk Management
I think that if the Enpower guys can modify the Build Route Reports to have a check box that says Exclude DART deals, and have it default to the checked position.
That should take care of it.
Sean:
Thanks,
Fran Chang
West Power Risk Management
You have been invited to partake in the Real Time Appreciation Party.
You can find more details for this party in your mail
slot where your invitation is waiting.  Directions on back
of invite.
If you have any questions regarding details please feel free to e-mail me.
Thank you,
Sean and Cara:
Just to let you know where we are on the Dart product development.  Please see Bill's email below.  Let me know if you have any questions.
Thanks,
Fran
x7973  
Fran:
Regards,
Bill x53492
Bill:
Since the Enpower status meeting is cancelled today, just wanna follow up with you on the progress of the DART project.  I would appreciate it if you could let me know so I can update the traders on this.
Regards,
Fran
Fran:
Regards,
Bill x53492
Bill:
EOL IT group (Torrey Moorer) has created a new DART product for us in testing stage.  We will need the Build Route Reports to be revised accordingly (please see the attached emails).  Would you have someone in your group work on this and let us know the timeline so we can follow up.  Please call me if you have any questions.
Regards,
Fran Chang
West Power Risk Management
